We have 20 years, two decades, of experience in deepwater drilling in the North Sea and off the west coast of Scotland - two decades in which we have exported some of the highest level safety technology in the world.
That means that we face an enormous task, namely that of ensuring that improvements are made in precisely those Member States that do not yet meet the excellence criteria.
We need to create an effective tool representative of the modern needs of Europe's Member States and able to improve the situation for all.
That much is true, but in another place we read that 'measures to enhance border security must go hand in hand with facilitation of passenger flows and the promotion of mobility in an increasingly globalised world'.
Firstly, then, we are being restrained.
Despite some of the very serious issues that have been raised here this evening, we did not hold the workers hostage and we approved the EUR 14.8 million application.
It is clear that EU level investments - coming either from the Seventh Framework Programme or the European Energy Programme for Recovery - will not be enough.
I hope that those attending the conference in December will realise that there is no alternative to cutting polluting emissions and that postponing any decision in Copenhagen on the mandatory objectives will mean failure not only for the conference, but also for the multilateral dialogue on global topics that affect the future of every one of us.
The intention of the resolution was to task the Commission with preparing the necessary legislative act, which would come into effect in 2011.
If we can do things better, I am here to cooperate.
The verdict against Mr Liu is entirely incompatible with the right to freedom of expression enshrined in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which China is a signatory.
Therefore, we must make every effort to help in the education of young people through EU programmes and grants combined with national measures.
How?
I would like to congratulate each of our fellow Members for their efforts and for the proposals which they have made.
This report, moreover, interferes with the rights of Member States, since it wishes to change their pro-family policies.
No amount of aid, however, can substitute for commitment and action by the government itself.
Therefore I hope, when you see what we do, that the word 'glittering' will be a nice word and not a word, I fear, that suggests I am trying to do something that I genuinely am not.
We are also asking ourselves how the annual management plan can be integrated more effectively into the Annual Policy Strategy.
I hope the derogation works.
Madam President, I understand that there are two questions, one of which refers to visas, to the visa requirement for Russian and European citizens, and the other refers to relations between the European Union and Russia following the Stockholm Summit and to Russia joining the World Trade Organisation.
This project is of the highest priority, and the Commission decided to allocate to it a budget of almost EUR 1 billion.
In 2006, the Commission proposed a 'one-stop shop' to register lobbyists of the Commission and Parliament.
They are necessary in such a discussion.
It should be noted that the disasters occurred in May and June 2010.
The intention is now to find fair and effective transitional measures that will safeguard the bilateral agreements in force and not disregard the expectations of investors.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Pakistan is divided by religion to such an extent, that on both sides - Christian and Muslim - people are dying, including the representatives of local elites.
Two days later at least 10 representatives from the House of Lords came to discuss this directive in Brussels.
(EL) Mr President, the grassroots uprisings against the barbaric repressive regimes of the plutocracy in countries in the EU's Union for the Mediterranean prove the undefeated power of the people and, at the same time, reveal the hypocrisy of the imperialists.
We talked earlier about electromobility.
Another case is that of Nixon Moreno, a student leader at the University of the Andes, elected to the university council several times and president of the Federation of University Centres.
Of course, it is obvious that you have no experience of this.
To that end, neighbouring Poland and Lithuania have reached agreement on making it easier for people living in border areas to cross the border, but this has yet to be implemented.
For this reason I do not support the amendments tabled by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left.
I am sure this Parliament, with reinforced powers under the new treaty, will also show its sense of responsibility and its commitment to the Europe of citizens.
Such an agreement is expected to be able to generate a consumer surplus (benefits in terms of lower fares) of up to EUR 460 million.
In the quotation I included at the start of my document, I quoted a great European contemporary historian, Tony Judt, who lectures at New York University.
I would also like to take this opportunity to reject in no uncertain terms the way that Mr Schulz conducts himself in this House with respect to me.
The law also states that the head of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia can give instructions to the state media authority and can impose fines of up to EUR 500 000.
The Member States cooperate in the area of the protection of public figures within the legal provisions in force in the country concerned as well as in accordance with international agreements.
Parliament is highlighting the courage of the Japanese in this crisis, the most serious since the Second World War, which has so severely affected their country.
The North Atlantic Current is undergoing significant changes in temperature, which will result in lower minimum temperatures in Europe this winter.
It has been defined there that the decisive bodies for the Council President are the Prime Ministers and Heads of State of Europe.
The report on 2008 dealt mainly with the performance of the ECB in the financial and economic crisis.
However, differing economic potential has led to a situation where, for some Member States, the link to the common currency complicates the options for using standard procedures for handling insolvency.
It has made its presence felt first by the Return Directive, which is the first horizontal document to harmonise return standards in the Member States.
Why, when the European institutions call for an impact assessment before saying hello, do we have a problem with these two organisations that have been working since 1975, carrying out research and studies into work, education and training?
Within this context, the report reinforces the 'paternalistic' role of the Union still further, to the point that it proposes linking the pillar relating to EU development aid to third countries with the 'security' pillar, thus completely altering the nature and purpose of such aid.
I would stress that the local risks, in terms of harmful effects, resulting from the inadequate treatment and storage of waste will certainly have repercussions on the public's quality of life.
The Egyptians are facing an important choice.
In my view, where we do differ, the differences are such as not to endanger the report, and that is very positive.
The Catalan language was banned and persecuted during the Franco dictatorship; now Spanish democracy is demonstrating its low quality by not permitting the official use of Catalan in this Parliament.
How so?
- (SK) Kosovo exists here as a fact accepted by some and not by others.
We need to rebuild the trust in, and value of, this tool and reserve it for only the most serious of crimes, whilst guaranteeing and maintaining the highest of standards in its use.
We are generally able to express our opinion, but whether this will have any consequences or not is in the lap of the gods.
I believe in the human rights model, as reflected by the international community in hard and soft law, and by the increasing number of countries abolishing the death penalty.
One issue of particular importance is how to replace the current crisis mechanism agreed in May with a mechanism of a more permanent nature once it comes to its end in 2013.
Mr President, when, in November, Mr Simpson declared in this House: 'even though the European rail system is very safe and progress has been made over the last few years thanks to the liberalisation of the market', I nearly choked.
(RO) Mr President, the murder of Pakistan's minorities minister, Mr Bhatti, comes in the midst of the whole controversy about amending the law which stipulated the death penalty for blasphemy in this country, an amendment which he supported.
The debate currently under way on the population of bluefin tuna is most certainly justified.
This is a 3% reduction compared to the figures for last year.
Parliament considers this to be a sign of transparency and a best practice to be followed by all other Agencies.
The budget should not be used as a backward-looking tool preserving the status quo, but as a forward-looking instrument to sharpen the institutional regulatory framework of the EU which, in turn, should aim at strengthening the single market.
The United Nations Children's Fund recently published a study containing some alarming figures, including with regard to many European countries.
However, let us leave this discussion.
Mr President, we can now see the consequences here.
I call for acknowledgement of the part that each fishing method has played in the alarming situation regarding bluefin tuna, with a new, fairer quota distribution and stricter measures.
This quest was successful largely also thanks to the solidarity of Europe.
I know that lobbying can be useful for the Commission, as lobby groups often think up important points and provide information or even whole, ready-made, policy solutions.
That is why I am happy that I have been given this opportunity to comment on this situation on behalf of Baroness Ashton.
Health must not be a privilege, and the same diseases cannot be treated differently in Hungary and in Sweden just because the former is in Eastern Europe and people live under less favourable financial conditions, while the latter belongs to Western Europe and people there are better off.
We welcomed that President Bashir had publicly said that North Sudan would be the first to recognise an independent South Sudan.
Asked whether he had seen this document, he said that he had not seen it, but had heard of it.
On the eve of the G20 summit, this is a strong signal from Europe to the rest of the world.
On the point of form, I must say that our fellow Members in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), who for some time now have been actively abusing this urgency session on breaches of human rights in order to hold a party political debate, are creating a complex situation.
Many of you also mentioned better reporting and better sorting.
I would therefore like to call on both the Council and the Commission to adopt an open and constructive position towards possible negotiations between the EU, the US and Russia on the renewal of transatlantic dialogue on security matters based on the Helsinki process.
This is a case of discrimination without any scientific justification against a section of the small-scale Portuguese fishing fleet, aimed at fishing for sole and hake using trammel nets, which is prohibited under the current rules.
Thirdly, the European Union has launched an economic recovery plan to combat the current crisis.
However, I can provide more concrete examples.
In particular, it needs to focus on the European element and ensure that it is factored in by incorporating environmental issues into the first pillar.
Citizens and enterprises also need to have the right to have such rulings enforced effectively.
I generally welcome the new regulations on the control of vessels that carry out illegal and unreported fishing, these regulations being the subject of the report we have just adopted.
While the text does not encompass all that I would want, by supporting it and strengthening the rights of all disabled passengers, I believe that an important step will be taken towards enabling Europe's guide dog users to move across the European Union on an equal footing to other citizens.
It is of the utmost importance that local political leaders behave responsibly, show some initiative and are aware who Bosnia Herzegovina really belongs to and who is really responsible for its future.
In the area of sport, the White Paper remains the single most important reference point.
At current prices this is approximately EUR 4 billion.
Commissioner, two former prime ministers of Slovenia and Croatia, respectively, namely Drnovšek and Račan, attained a major achievement when they concluded an agreement concerning the border.
A framework must be set up for the less developed areas that will enable them to take advantage of the opportunities of the internal market.
It will also be necessary to name those responsible for the slow progress without too much beating about the bush.
That is very important and I would like to add one further point.
In standards of citizens' access to mobility?
At present, the EU therefore has a unique opportunity to establish a new mechanism that should lead to greater macroeconomic, fiscal and currency stability for the Member States in the long term, and help increase their competitiveness.
I would also like to alert the Commission to the risk of micro-credit being abused for money-laundering purposes.
Therefore, I am very pleased that it was accepted.
I would like to remind you that the incentives to encourage sustainable cultivation of energy crops should not jeopardise food production.
For this reason, I ask the European Parliament that we assure Pakistan of our support, so that the situation can come to a satisfactory conclusion as soon as possible.
To allow the new NEAFC scheme to be implemented, the proposal envisages the subsequent repeal of Council Regulation (EC) No 2791/1999 of 16 December 1999, which implemented the first scheme adopted by NEAFC in 1998.
To conclude, I welcome the adoption of the report, which shows that the EGF is a useful and effective resource for combating unemployment resulting from globalisation and the economic crisis.
The goal was to assess the progress made and to plan new actions with the aim of responding to the challenges associated with the economic crisis.
All Europeans have a right to a decent living, as do all world citizens.
(NL) Mr President, I have a question for Mrs Wortmann-Kool.
In the recovery plan adopted at the end of last year, we asked both institutions to considerably increase their lending capacity at a time when they too are finding it difficult to raise finance from the markets.
This would force some Member States to close their coal mines on that date and face the considerable social and regional impact of these simultaneous closures.
It is very important that equality can be implemented in Parliament's various roles, be they committees or delegations.
Extraordinary situations require clear joint action.
The white paper talks of a European legal culture, but this does not exist.
At this moment in time, ladies and gentlemen, 25 Member States have given their consent to the introduction of this enhanced cooperation.
I want to debate this matter on 4 February in the European Council in order once again to see clearly how seriously the governments are taking this and I will then come back to you with a concrete proposal for a new energy efficiency plan.
We have an assistance programme up to 2013 - and, I am sure, beyond - and we have now increased the baseline of our assistance to EUR 200 million per annum, which is up from EUR 150 million per annum previously.
Even Cyprus might still happen, to the benefit of all of its citizens and the European Union.
As regards this last aspect, I would remind you that geographical indications are not just a trade policy matter; they are also part of Europe's identity.
All Albanian politicians should keep this in mind.
Item 4: The debate on the Council and Commission statements on rising food prices will be postponed until the second February part-session.
I would like to mention three more aspects.
5.
Prior authorisation for a hospital stay in another Member State and the recognition of the ethical and moral principles of each country's healthcare legislation represent the right approach.
Unfortunately, we can no longer assume that the state pension (the first pillar) will be enough to sustain the level of lifestyle which workers have worked to achieve.
In the post-mortem, it was found that the girl had large quantities of earth in her lungs and her stomach.
In practice, this is about trust.
In order to reduce EU citizens' dissatisfaction with current expenditure, it is necessary to improve the quality of the implementation and application of expenditure.
I agree with the rapporteur that economic cooperation should be encouraged with the State of Israel for some services, such as air services, not only because of the mutual benefits, but also the positive external effects throughout the surrounding area.
Yet we have a frustration born out of the inability over the years of both railway companies and national governments to act in key areas.
It establishes independent criteria and new supervisory structures and does indeed have the potential to resolve this conflict of advisory and assessment interests and to increase transparency.
It is pretty shameful, in my view, that my own country regards these conditions as too onerous.
Moreover, I can see that, at times, Members are no longer here to listen to me, but I am going to make an effort all the same.
The Italian authorities and, above all, the relations of the victims, insist that this criminal is brought to justice.
We must therefore promote creation and innovation from a perspective of sustainable development which combines international competitiveness with protection for SMEs.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, the essential question is, of course, what to do now.
The EIB plays a role in the national stimulus package, especially when it comes to enhancing financing for small and medium-sized enterprises, but also financing renewable-energy and transport projects.
I just do not understand some of this complaining.
However, I believe that we have a great opportunity.
(DE) Mr President, the previous speaker has just demonstrated how difficult the advancement of democracy in Europe is when we see that, in Ireland, half the population failed to vote because of the complexity of the issues and the fact that not everyone wants to be a constitutionalist.
Today's debate has shown how important your work has been, because you have the support of all the groups.
Composition of Parliament: see Minutes
I am very pleased that the Neighbourhood Policy is among the priorities of the Spanish Presidency.
In view of the fact that the European Union is Canada's second largest trade partner, and that Canada is a major partner for the EU in the field of foreign direct investment, I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on EU-Canada trade relations.
This is why it is important to implement within the European Union a single law for the protection of minorities which is binding on every country.
Fourthly, the governments of Member States have a responsibility to combat poverty actively.
For the first time, we have legal encouragement for fathers at EU level to take leave.
We need doctors, architects and people to relieve the pain of the tragedy.
We must not hide behind technical debates.
If this happens, I am convinced that our debates and those in Turkey will once again be filled with optimism.
On behalf of my group, the Union for Europe of the Nations Group, we also offer our support towards your programme to guarantee that there is a clear and stronger voice for the European Union, as well as the Member States within the European Union.
In future, energy efficiency labelling will also be applied to energy consuming products intended for industrial and commercial use, such as cold storage rooms, retail display cabinets, industrial cooking appliances, vending machines (selling sandwiches, snacks, coffee, etc.), industrial motors, energy-related products, including construction products which do not consume energy but 'have a significant direct or indirect impact' on energy saving, such as windows and door frames.
It is worth emphasising that the obligation to provide assistance is guaranteed under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), and is legally binding for all EU Member States and on EU's Frontex agency.
Stability in this region is therefore also important for us.
That is a really ambitious programme.
For this reason, there are grounds for concern that further demands and supplementary increases, or an extension of office capacity, will follow.
This is what makes this Presidency so important.
We must also deal with this problem at its source.
In this legislative process, if we now start it, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) will apply clear decision-making criteria.
I voted in favour of both of Mr De Castro's reports because immediate, urgent intervention is required.
Mr President, congratulations to the rapporteur for all the work he has done.
I am grateful to the Spanish Presidency for this, that is, for having included this important matter in its political agenda.
The Czech presidency had been monitoring the situation well before the beginning of the year.
The objective of the terrorists and the sponsors of international terrorism is the destabilisation of Iraq.
I believe that it is necessary to increase the liability of oil extraction companies so that, in the event of an accident, the insurance and reserve fund for accident prevention could comfortably cover all the costs of the clean-up and all the possible damage done to the environment.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I should like to thank everyone for warmly welcoming this initiative.
We also wish to make clear that, with regard to paragraph 16 of this joint resolution, the death penalty issue is a matter of conscience for British Conservative MEPs.
The guiding principle is the same as always.
Commissioner, aside from the single regulation, I really hope we can bring about the creation of a single reference body, a single ticket office and a single ticket for the various modes of transport.
This week's Council will not produce a single ray of hope for hardworking people, for the unemployed or the young people who are hurting so much.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, I find this line of argument beyond belief.
(RO) The strategy for promoting relations with Latin America has proved to be invaluable between the time of its launch and now. This strategic partnership has added further consistency to relations between our regions and facilitated the funding of projects and programmes in excess of EUR 3 billion during the last 10 years.
So the next Commission will have nine female Members, one more than the current Commission, and once again I want to thank all of you who have supported me in this difficult task of getting at least a reasonable - not an ideal, but a reasonable - number of women for the next Commission.
Our partnership, if it is to be credible and significant, must support the Tunisians on their road to profound change.
Firstly, concerning micro-supervision: I do see that the proposed moral there, which would still be based very much on cooperation instead of a centralised European aspect, has very serious problems.
One of them was Georgian in origin, about a girl whose name was Suliko.
We need the true commitment of the European Union and all Member States by involving all people when working towards a smart, green progressive society.
Written statements (Rule 149)
However, it is absolutely vital that we make this clear to Ukraine.
I would also like to underline that we need a policy on flounders and flatfish, as we have already said.
The same applies to the financial commitments pledged to the countries of the South to help them combat climate change.
The Ecolabel has a real added environmental value.
It is right for Brussels to become involved in decisions on strategies relating to wage and tax policies.
In the context of the law you are referring to dictatorship and the tyranny of the majority.
Demand for this type of service can play a large part in overcoming the current economic crisis and unemployment, as well as in the fight against poverty.
I very much dislike resorting to pragmatic, financial arguments in questions of human rights, and in matters that should be obvious and as independent as possible of the economic situation.
In today's vote, I gave my backing to the request for discharge regarding the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2009, Section VIII - European Ombudsman.
We must not allow people to be turned away and our borders to be fortified.
He was not here at the beginning when I spoke, and he is not here now, when I want to speak again.
We furthermore deplore the fact that the United Nations peacekeeping forces present on the ground have not been able to halt this violence.
In this case, however, this is not true, because while David Bahati's project was not voted for, it was not withdrawn, either.
The next item is the report by Bas Eickhout, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the analysis of options to move beyond 20% greenhouse gas emissions and assessing the risk of carbon leakage.
Only if the areas of agricultural policy, development policy, trade policy, financial policy and energy policy, as well as research, work together can improvements be achieved.
This is important.
A good package has been achieved, which will enjoy the full support of my group.
Consequently, I feel that any technology which can be used to achieve energy efficiency is a benefit which society as a whole can enjoy.
In light of what I have said, I reiterate my hope that the Commission will set out the appropriate strategies in short order.
Jeer on if you like, but have you noticed that on the bond markets this morning Greek bonds are trading 233 basis points higher than German bonds?
Banks that pass the stress tests are not exempt from making every effort to tackle adverse scenarios and to prepare for an increasingly demanding regulatory situation.
The slave trade to America was made illegal in 1807, but it is still going on right in our midst in Europe.
(CS) The report from Mr Onyszkiewicz is undoubtedly one of the most important documents to appear at the close of our electoral mandate.
The Council and the Commission are easing their consciences by applying a recovery plan bit by bit.
Yet let us choose the right ones, for example, the procurement rules that are unnecessarily imperative and complex.
The resolution adopted should begin to bring concrete solutions to people living in the affected areas in Spain.
The media have reported that the Socialist Group in the European Parliament will not vote in favour of your re-election, President Barroso, if you do not promise to open up the Posting of Workers Directive.
This is a challenge for which we should provide our support.
We need a common economic policy, an intelligent tax policy and the courage to acknowledge our structural weaknesses: research and product development.
I should like to know how much longer the Commission is going to give the SNCB to actually carry out the necessary restructuring operations?
It goes without saying, therefore, that we should introduce this measure sooner rather than later.
I agree with one of the major objectives of this conference, which is to introduce the crime of aggression, and also with removing from the Rome Statute the possibility of delaying for seven years before handing over possible or alleged war criminals.
We need to take things a step further when it comes to the interests of the citizens of the European Union.
Since this is my last debate with Meglena Kuneva, I would like to express my thanks for the fact that our cooperation has been so incredibly pleasant.
Not only might we have seen the dangerous development of a new struggle over spheres of influence or the direct domination of one side by another, but also the states locked out by the West would, in all likelihood, have become a playground for various nationalists and populists and their armed militias and possibly even a region of dangerous local conflicts, all the more dangerous for the fact that, for reasons that are well-known, the Second World War was not followed by a genuine peace conference that might have established European post-war relations in a binding, exact and lasting manner.
I fully support this resolution of the European Parliament.
11.
Ships that do not observe European and international rules on fishing should be banned and greater information on all ships that request access to ports should be guaranteed.
A minimum 5.5% increase in expenditure allows us to increase the European Parliament's staff by taking on 18 new employees.
I should like to emphatically endorse Mr Swoboda's proposal.
Parliament suggests, also, an increase in the ceilings of the EU guarantees to be used by the Bank.
History has taught us that, at certain times, especially in times of economic crisis, citizens express manifest disappointment in the political systems regarding the dispensation of justice while, at the same time, the greater the influence a state has at economic and social level, the greater the number of disputes there are between citizens and the bodies of state.
She raised one or two questions during her submission just now, including her question about why more nurses and doctors are not coming forward.
I do not think that the cultivation of feed crops for intense livestock breeding adversely affects the climate.
We have, after all, an incredible opportunity in Europe, which is, at the same time as combating climate change, to launch a genuine technological programme for encouraging innovation and, hence, for creating new jobs.
Emergency autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan (
We do indeed need a simple and effective, transparent mechanism for the Schengen evaluation.
What we are getting in return is new revanchism and nationalism in my country and elsewhere.
The Commission therefore considers this regulation to be without prejudice to any future position of the institution as regards the use of Articles 290 and 291 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union for the transposition of Regional Fisheries Management Organisation measures.
Madam President, thank you to the rapporteur for producing an excellent report.
The situation for Iraq's Christian minority is one of life and death: nearly 50 Iraqi Christians were killed in a ruthless massacre in Our Lady of Salvation Church on 31 October 2010.
Council positions at first reading: see Minutes
in writing. - (PL) The Agency's work programme for 2010 is a matter of some concern to me.
Since we are now dealing with a social programme, we need to create an appropriate legal basis for it.
Aircraft crashes do form part of the investigation because the impact of a crash on the safety of nuclear power plants is specifically covered in the criteria.
In particular, Russia imposes restrictions in access to gas pipelines, and also bans re-exporting, restricting the property rights of European businesses in relation to gas which has already been purchased.
I am thinking of significant financial penalties, as well as exclusion from subsidy schemes as a consequence.
. - (NL) Madam President, for decades, the European Union has been pursuing a protectionist trade policy, and that applies to bananas, amongst other things.
For each future spending proposal, you would be asked to 'tolerate' a carefully calculated level of risk, so that the Court - hopefully - would adjust its materiality threshold on that basis.
That means not just preaching to others in a paternalistic way, but also offering a helping hand.
It can anticipate future challenges and operational skills.
Among other things, the Pact contains a specific commitment to taking the necessary initiatives for completing the establishment of a common European asylum system.
If the Generalised System of Preferences (GSP) were not extended, many developing countries could actually find themselves in hugely difficult situations.
This aid will be reflected in an improvement in the country's economy in terms of the budget deficit and the balance of payments.
The Commission has also established an EU reference laboratory for mollusc diseases, which receives annual financial support, to ensure coordination of national laboratories in the Member States and provide scientific support to the Commission.
This resolution is worrying and unacceptable.
Last but not least, I would like to mention the role played by the Bank outside the European Union, in countries en route to joining the EU and those coming under the remit of cooperation and development policies.
It should be pointed out that the debate was not on France, and certainly not against France; it was a debate in favour of fundamental principles of European integration such as the free movement of persons, because Europe does not only mean free movement of goods and capital, but, above all, free movement of Europeans by right and without discrimination, and, of course, without discrimination on ethnic grounds.
With regard to energy, the GCC is the European Union's leading oil supplier, so the EU is highly dependent on these countries, but their oil reserves are dwindling and they are preparing their transition thanks to the development of renewable energy.
We should remember that this all has an impact on costs and on productive competitiveness.
We need to ensure that situations similar to those that occurred last year do not happen again in the future.
After all, the paragraph which states that European integration is in the interests of the entire population of the Western Balkans and which regrets that the politicians of Bosnia-Herzegovina state it as their objective to accede to the EU out of short-sighted and nationalistic motives indicates that a vote for this resolution would have been a vote for Bosnia's accession to the EU.
The Commission will subsidise innovations and projects which aim to research into, develop and commercialise technologies for renewable energy, using funding from the seventh framework programme that you in this House have made available to us.
It is now vital that the masses unite across ethnic and religious lines to clean out the corrupt elites and build genuine democratic societies that can provide decent jobs, decent education and end poverty.
I also agree that:
We envisage a different path for Europe's future.
This is because the Franco-German Deauville proposal simply relies on keeping the old-school QMV within the Council, so rather than needing to find a majority to block the automatic Commission sanctions, their proposals require such a majority for the sanctions proposed by the Commission to be initiated.
I attach great importance to the method for calculating optimal cost and specifying minimum economic efficiency requirements for the structural components of a building's thermal insulation and services, as well as the application of these calculations both to new and existing buildings.
In the same spirit of acceptance and invitation, I would also like to encourage Mrs Pack and the Commissioner maybe to extend similar schemes to include other countries that are willing.
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
The report's second objective is to strengthen cooperation in practice.
Madam President, Mr Andor, ladies and gentlemen, I understand from what you have said, Mr Andor, that the European Commission is obviously taking notice of this subject.
I believe it needs to be publicly funded and with private partnerships, so that our farmers and food industry can produce food in a climate-friendly way.
What we are talking about here is Parliament being informed and participating through the Commission and through negotiation, nothing more.
This is not easy when we number 27 nations, but it is crucial all the same, unless we do not mind - which I personally do - being subcontractors or being under the influence of the other countries.
Even small contributions from biofuels result in less dependence on fossil fuels and a change in prices.
The children of such immigrants are allegedly as European as the indigenous population; they are not.
The mainstream labour market; here, my colleague, Mr Andor, is going to look for precise targets to be achieved, and the mainstream society which is the responsibility of all our policies.
This means that European industry, be it automotive, textile, chemical or any other, must defend itself against competition that if not unfair in form, is unfair in fact.
How does Mrs Ashton intend to establish a uniform voice for the EU at the United Nations, and how does she intend to build a good image for the EU in this organisation?
Finally, I come to this high-level group, this think tank that was launched the day before yesterday.
Is the Commission actually trying to remain out of touch with the reality that already exists in Member States?
I voted for this regulation precisely to ensure lower charges for roaming customers, while at the same strengthening the rules on transparency of pricing.
We cannot act just because we have a feeling, because we are persuaded something is wrong.
Now that the service is a political reality, we will engage with it constructively in order to ensure that British interests are indeed promoted and protected.
(PL) Mr President, I abstained from the vote on Mrs Batzeli's report, but I think it is a very useful contribution to further work on the subject of food prices.
Firstly, we need a determined, collective effort to deliver on the agreed budgetary commitments.
This is one of our objectives, which must be clearly pursued.
With regard to the Euromed Free Trade Area, its creation by 2010 was a realistic objective, and within the next year we will have made considerable progress towards this, although there clearly still remains much to be done to fully realise the potential of economic integration in the Euromed area.
The eight-million-strong Uighur population in the region has long complained about the treatment they receive from the Chinese Central Government and recently during the racist mob attacks the Chinese Government failed to protect the Uighurs from perpetrators of violence.
The main problems with the application of the directive, despite the fact that most Member States have made considerable progress, are basically due, as the report makes clear, firstly, to the lack of information for companies about what applies in each Member State and, secondly, to the unnecessary administrative burden in the form of time-consuming procedures.
I would like to congratulate the Committee on Employment for the outstanding work they have carried out in this area and, in particular, to applaud the contribution made by Mrs Göncz to this initiative.
The debate is closed.
Education cannot be at the mercy of the logic of the market.
Disproportionate increases in the Union budget, which some wish to see, are not acceptable.
That is why the capabilities of the neighbourhood instrument need to be promoted in the right way.
They have priority in health care and education, all at the expense of local taxpayers!
It informed the workers and supported their demonstrations.
We need to help counter this.
That is extremely important.
President Barroso, the role of a commissioner is not to pour petrol onto the fire.
Furthermore, the Commission's communication as well as the Competitiveness Council's work will provide material for preparing the debate on research and innovation, which is set to take place at the European Council before the end of the year.
Today, I think that its role in the issues faced by Greece, but not just Greece, is confined to action and statements of a technocratic nature.
To his credit, President Karzai has said this law will be repealed, but it has taken a great deal of international pressure, including this resolution from our Parliament, to get us to this stage.
Strict monitoring of the meeting of such standards ought to be a matter of course in all the EIB's financial operations.
The Commission is proposing that the term of protection for music recordings be increased from the current 50 years to 95 years, which would nearly double the current term.
I would like to thank Parliament, and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Visser, for dealing with this proposal in such a short time and for the constructive report.
It is because of the failure to carry out serious reforms and an interpretation of macroeconomic data which was too casual that Greece is, today, on the brink of bankruptcy.
If it were to be limited or censored, the very foundations of the European Union would collapse.
I voted for the European Parliament resolution of 25 November 2010 on the UN climate change conference in Cancún with a view to meeting the overall objective of limiting the annual mean surface temperature increase to 2 ºC ('the 2 ºC objective').
No other developed country has followed the same path: not the US, Japan, Australia, New Zealand or Canada.
I declare resumed the session suspended on Friday 24 April 2009.
- (DE) Madam President, may I take this opportunity not only to explain that I voted in favour, but also to raise an issue which is of great concern to me, namely the problem of taxation of aviation fuel.
And yet both may be innocent of the crimes of which they are charged.
The means therefore exist.
Madam President, in 18th century England, Thomas Malthus predicted that population increase would exceed food supply.
Europe is at a crossroads, just as it was after the Second World War, which resulted in the birth of what was not then known as the European Union.
The impact on passengers was so great that the provisions of directives and regulations could not protect them.
I have therefore no difficulty in agreeing on the need to push forward in this crucial domain.
This applies especially to biotechnology.
We did not finish discussing this in the group.
I very much support his desire to legislate so as to see Europe meet the technological challenges in this sector and maintain a leading position in the world.
Mr President, my thanks to the rapporteur, Mr Leinen, for his report.
Member of the Commission. - First of all, on the question of the disparities between higher education institutes: exactly!
I think that is one of the most important challenges.
The answer is not necessarily to shut down plants, as Germany is planning to do, but rather to ensure that we are following the strictest safety programmes when it comes to dealing with this form of energy and the waste it produces.
Sixteen per cent of Europeans - that is 79 million people - live below the poverty line.
According to the terms of the agreement signed with the countries of Latin America, the EU will gradually reduce the duties applicable to banana exports from the current EUR 176 per tonne to the final value of EUR 114 per tonne by 2017.
I am not the only one to deplore this state of affairs.
Where does the money go?
The creation of various EU support funds, which often deform the market environment, has made it necessary to introduce mandatory notification of the provision of State aid.
The matter is subject to verification.
The scientific world tells us that international criteria must now be changed because, through the strict application of often obsolete criteria, too many patients who have other forms of dementia are often included.
Given my ambitions for this report, Members will not be surprised that I am not completely satisfied with the final outcome.
It can reduce the amount of discards and also ensure that fishermen are not throwing back a valuable product.
Mr President, knowing me and knowing you, I know that the focus of my group, to invest in energy efficiency and support attempts to create smart cities represents a fantastic opportunity for all of us and presents a vision for the future.
We need to go back to paying more attention to ensuring that our customs, traditions and moral values are upheld, and respected by others.
The suffix '-stan' means 'state' and Tajikistan is the last of the countries whose names end in '-stan' to be recognised as a state by us.
This is remarkable.
The safety measures that we have put in place will ensure that products are traceable throughout the entire distribution chain.
(DA) Mr President, I would like to say that the Belgian Presidency has been a wonderful and unrivalled example of how the EU works.
However, there are also situations where the exchange of market information can be misused, for instance, when companies use sensitive information to coordinate behaviour.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Barnier, ladies and gentlemen, firstly I would like to express my thanks for the detailed answer to my parliamentary question of 8 February on the stress tests as they related to the Irish banks.
This measure would only result in raising the cost of capital and credit and would put a brake on investment.
Indeed, it is vital to strive for a robust, consistent and effective Neighbourhood Policy.
I agree with the rapporteur's opinion that this document will help make the EU's political party system work more effectively.
The Commission's proposal is based on the results of the dialogue launched in the first half of 2008 with the five countries of the Western Balkans.
That is why it is important to create an effective mechanism empowering the Member States, under certain conditions, to continue negotiating and concluding bilateral investment agreements.
Václav Havel is gravely ill and has been hospitalised.
Of course, one has to find a balance between civil liberties and rights and security measures; however, when it comes down to a choice one has to prioritise.
The Irish economic crisis is an integral part of the European crisis.
That will ensure that the decisions made are rigorous, right and fair.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, the year 2007 was unfortunately the second year in a row when contributions to official development assistance decreased in the developed world.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, I would firstly like to thank the rapporteur for all her cooperation in the passage of this report through the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Youth unemployment stands at less than 10% in only three countries - Germany, the Netherlands and Austria.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, first of all the Commission would like to thank the rapporteur, Ms Grabowska, as well as the Committee on Constitutional Affairs for their excellent report.
Having stamped their feet for years, demanding deregulation of banks and shadow banking, they are now prepared to swallow strong regulation - but only if we pretend that it was their idea all along.
I supported this report, which notably provides for the adoption of the second instalment of the EUR 1 500 per month increase in parliamentary assistance allowance, the financing of the 18 new MEPs as they take office, the improvement of support services provided for MEPs (policy departments, library services), and the increase in the number of visitors that each MEP can sponsor financially from 100 to 110 per year.
I see in this a signal of encouragement aimed at guaranteeing the long-term future and success of this undertaking in which the world's major powers are participating.
Pakistan will now soon attain the long-wished for status of a developing country with special tariff preferences.
Mr President, I would like to thank our rapporteur, Mr Trakatellis, and to apologise for my late arrival in this debate, whilst welcoming the group of visitors, who are the reason for my slightly late arrival.
We cannot say, on the one hand, that we are members of this Stability and Growth Pact and of the euro area, and, on the other, that our budget has nothing to do with the euro, or that this is a strictly national competence.
I would like to express my vote in favour of Mr Mikolášik's report.
Are the values handed down to us by the founding fathers of Europe still meaningful?
However, with this non-committal pie-in-the-sky approach, we will not make any headway in Europe.
Every day I am asked what the situation is with regard to military action in the name of Europe.
At the vote, today, I endorsed adoption of the joint motion for a resolution on the implementation of the EU Strategy for the Danube Region.
One of the important corrective measures necessary is to improve the rules on lobbying firms' reporting of expenditure incurred for lobbying activities.
The trials there are farcical.
That is a positive thing!
Ultimately, it must also be possible to monitor the Member States and for that, we urgently need correlation tables.
The Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Fundamental Rights today form the legal benchmarks and, naturally, the political approach is changing.
Just last week in Prato, my hometown, more than 73 000 counterfeit items were seized and the majority of them were textile products.
The Danube region has great potential that has not yet been properly exploited due to ineffective cooperation.
I am working on this.
We can promise you loyalty if there is a commitment that is going to be upheld regarding everything that you have announced when you have made your appearances and in the agreement that you have made with Parliament.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, it was in January when we adopted a resolution on Belarus.
Do we need collective solutions to ensure that those who suffer are compensated - the fishermen and others who are affected by such disasters?
I support the opinion that the main objectives of a Black Sea strategy should entail building a space of peace, stability and prosperity in the Black Sea region, while also ensuring EU energy security.
There are certainly elements of this that I could endorse, such as the financial transactions tax or the introduction of a consolidated EU corporate tax base.
Telling ourselves 'Let us build upon the work we have done because we just need to make some changes' is not enough.
Therefore, I understand your emotion, but to add something that will not be discussed on Wednesday morning anyway is not the solution.
This is an example of what cannot happen!
My aim is to give supervisory bodies and the future resolution committee for these cross-border institutions a toolbox in order to take preventative measures and to prevent risks that are diagnosed fairly early on from turning into crises, and to prevent the crises themselves from turning into catastrophes.
I will make this proposal on 3 and 4 June to the Ministers for discussion and there will be a further assessment of this after the summer.
Thirdly, it will provide for more effective regulatory oversight from national regulators that will be much more independent and have all the necessary means.
This is, incidentally, what the High Representative, Mrs Ashton, is resolved to do, as she is monitoring this matter in close contact with President Buzek, who is currently chairing the debate.
We must seek clarification on and commitment to these four central points, these four key challenges, and I believe that this report is a good instrument, a good roadmap, to help us seek this agreement.
I support the adoption of the regulation on the implementation of a safeguard clause concerning free trade between the EU and Korea.
A significant political crisis has developed in our immediate neighbourhood, representing a serious challenge for the EU policy on Moldova and on the entire region in general.
Programmes to facilitate the stabilisation and integration of the latter are crucial for the survival of the former.
It is a genuine opportunity to respond to energy challenges.
At the same time, the idea of Europe could be understood as a whole in the eyes of an asylum seeker who views the 'European Union' as an area that is homogenous and, in their understanding, the antithesis of the danger that they are fleeing.
Instead, we must also note the significance of the situation and we must achieve a European solution, in the public interest, that benefits everyone.
I voted against this report which, once again, shows how the majorities that govern Europe are incapable of listening to the demands of European citizens.
This relates to a very relevant issue, which begins a new stage in the European Union; as you know, of course, it concerns the Citizens' Initiative.
Wireless broadband is essential for ensuring that new and innovative services are available to all citizens.
What matters is the ability to serve a common idea.
Fortunately, it has become a fundamental right but, as with any right, there is a concomitant duty.
We have seen in recent times how the relentless pursuit of profit has brought the global economy to its knees.
I therefore hope that the amendments we have tabled at the last minute, so as to finalise the report, will be accepted by my fellow Members as has already been the case in our committee debate, and I hope, indeed, that it will prove a useful tool to save those who are in need of saving: not just the stocks but the communities that make a living from them.
Actions such as Switzerland's vote to ban the construction of minarets and the rise of extremist parties who express intolerant views against certain communities are all signs that we must make the fight to uphold secular principles a priority in Europe.
On 1 October, the Ukrainian Constitutional Court handed down a judgment which overturned constitutional changes made after the 2004 Orange Revolution.
The one-track section will be upgraded and the whole section will be electrified.
This agreement means that Parliament, elected in June 2009 under the procedure of the Treaty of Nice, is in conformity with the Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009.
However, the amendments tabled are along the right lines, particularly those concerning the public authentication of Internet sites and sanctions.
Is the European Union united in the call for special sessions on Syria, Bahrain and Yemen?
I insist that the democratic opposition in Belarus and civil society be included in the dialogue between the EU and Belarus.
This is especially important for us at this point.
I must say that I also thank Mr Atondo, and am bound to report that the AFCO Committee on Constitutional Affairs - which I chair - has approved this document almost unanimously.
The Commission considered that Article 66 of the EC Treaty, which provides for consultation of the European Parliament, was the correct legal basis for the proposal of the first pillar.
I therefore abstained during the final vote.
Since 2007, Serbia has made visible progress in terms of cooperation with the European Union, which has made it possible for negotiations with the EU to be resumed.
in writing. - As a part of FLEGT (Forest Law Enforcement, Governance and Trade), exporter countries of tropical hardwood have begun to sign Voluntary Partnership Agreements (VPAs) with the EU to ensure the traceability and legality of timber and verification procedures.
These are key to the good functioning of the management company passport.
This is why the European Union's food production must be maintained at constant levels for the benefit of Europeans, as well as for the benefit of the citizens from the ACP and other states.
Report: Jörg Leichtfried
Until now, we have managed to achieve recognition through research and innovation, which guaranteed the production of innovative textile fibres.
Particular attention must be paid to so-called problem regions with a low level of industrial development or a high level of unemployment.
Seen in this context, the livestock sector is one of the most significant for our communities.
Nuclear safety is, and will remain, an absolute priority for the EU, and this is why the Commission attaches great importance to efforts that facilitate the safe decommissioning of nuclear reactor units that have been deemed not to be upgradeable to the necessary safety standards.
For us, this is not about additional income streams but is, instead, about directing transport more strongly by means of price signals.
From 1 January 2010, things are set to get a lot worse with the introduction of EID, which is 'electronic identification of sheep'.
Our economic governance is being transformed.
Let us act, for heaven's sake!
However, as an airport which has lost many routes in the last decade, it may not have the funds for improvements.
The ESF can act as the main tool in achieving the Europe 2020 strategy by focusing on skills and jobs across the EU.
I think that, if you say that there is an absolute ban on asbestos in Europe, you have to be consistent with that and allow no exemptions.
Although significant progress has been made during the last 10 years in terms of developing EU-Latin American bilateral relations, further steps still need to be taken. The partnership's ultimate objective is to create in 2015 a Euro-Latin American global interregional cooperation zone in the areas of politics, economics, trade, and social and cultural affairs, thereby ensuring sustainable development in both regions.
The European Union treaty currently in effect gives us in this Parliament a legal basis to adopt the directive under discussion.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I, too, would like to begin by thanking my colleagues in the Committee on International Trade and, in particular, the shadow rapporteurs from the various groups for their cooperation in the drafting of this third report on a related topic.
My third observation relates to the issue of supervision.
We adopted an amendment to increase the FRONTEX budget, sending a clear message of commitment to managing the phenomenon of immigration and all aspects of migratory flows in a way that respects human rights.
Finally, if the initial proposals for social benefits to immigrants are reduced, as other groups have achieved in the voting in committee, then I think it is necessary, even though we are currently in a period of crisis, to ensure effective access to the labour market.
No group shows solidarity more than farmers and no communities are more involved in mutual aid than rural communities.
Not only is there a request to ban this technology, but also to halt ongoing projects by the date of the supposed ban.
This is the only way, if we want to work for our electors and for our citizens.
The reports in the Belgian newspaper De Standaard last summer about house slaves in certain embassies in Brussels, only a stone's throw from the Berlaymont building, prove that these scenarios are not far-fetched.
As regards the concerns raised in the report about increasing migration pressure in the sensitive area of Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece, these are today's challenges for the European Union and the Member States, which need to find global, pan-European solutions to effectively strengthen their external borders, to strengthen Frontex, to demonstrate due Community solidarity and to support the Member States in the south of Europe where immigrants land.
I agree with many of the suggestions made and add my support to them.
Documents received: see Minutes
We call on them to fight corruption more effectively and to consult with civil society and other organisations on internal reconciliation in the state.
I am grateful for your support and for the work of the four rapporteurs, and I am very grateful for the support for these important Commission initiatives.
You are standing in for our Commissioner for Industry - thank you for that, and thank you also for your speech.
However, you, the members of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, could now demonstrate whether you will put into practice what you, Mr Lehne, have said when you attacked me for saying something wrong - I may have been mistaken.
The key consideration when examining the subject of adoptions and drafting the resolution is the principle of reintegrating the child from the protection system into a biological or extended family.
Though TB in its human form has been contained in most EU countries since the middle of the 20th century, it continues to spread aggressively among livestock and affects 5% of cattle herds in my Ireland East constituency each year.
I voted in favour of the proposal for a directive for the following reasons: 1.
We should, therefore, commend the Mexican authorities for their action, while at the same time, of course, pointing out that they should not throw out the baby with the bathwater, and that in this fight they should still try to respect human rights.
The collective stress test for nuclear power plants in all countries is therefore necessary, but then what is needed is a long-term approach.
In accordance with these principles we intend to introduce measures against excessive dependence on ratings in our forthcoming legislative proposal for the banking sector, the so-called CRD4.
Through such measures, Iran violates fundamental human rights and fundamental UN principles for the role of a lawyer.
Our third core theme is related to the economic crisis, where we once again need a comprehensive solution.
It would be good if, exactly one year on from this meeting today, the Commission could come and say: 'The provisions of the resolution you proposed did not just remain on paper; we adapted these specific proposals by the Special Crisis Committee and they have already had a real impact'.
We have a large number of European projects, but do we also have projects which provide European added value?
Unfortunately, this report on the EU strategy is not balanced and I have already mentioned this in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
We know about cheating on the lottery and much more besides.
It includes almost nothing on the relief granted to the manufacturers of Euro VI vehicles.
The agreement reached will definitely not be able to resolve the complex situation on international markets, but it represents a step in the right direction.
Naturally, this strategy should cover a number of aspects, and in particular, those aspects related to the environment and its protection, to sustainable economic development, and the development of transport infrastructure and logically call for the involvement of all the countries that use the water resources in this region.
I also congratulate the European Parliament and all citizens of the European Union as well as the rapporteur for taking such decisions today that should advance more specific and targeted actions not only to cure those suffering from cancer, but also to ensure the prevention of cancer.
In addition, an annual review of compliance with all data protection standards, with the involvement of data protection supervisors, is provided for.
I am pleased that political consensus was found within Parliament and also with the Council of Ministers to resolve this issue.
The Agency's legislative reform process, which is underway, still needs to be discussed at length, so the Agency's mandate, which expires on 13 March 2010, needs to be extended.
Secondly, over the course of a number of years, I have witnessed the surprising fact that many of our partners want the European Union to have a uniform foreign policy and defence identity which is better defined and more powerful.
Therefore, we also need clear and effective principles for the protection of intellectual property rights which will not interfere with innovation and competition, will not place an unjustified burden on legally conducted trade and will protect our privacy and fundamental rights, such as freedom of speech.
Lieutenant Colonel Chávez has failed in governing Venezuela in many respects but he has remained in power only by suppressing the opposition, gaining control of the media and manipulating the electoral process.
President Gorbachev was right: the EU is the old Soviet Union dressed in Western clothes.
In the European Union we need to step up efforts for democratisation and respect for fundamental freedoms, but by setting this issue within the framework of a substantial political dialogue and by strengthening our contacts with civil society.
The active participation of these organisations should be very useful in realising these strategies.
(PL) Madam President, last night Anatoly Bitkov died in Magadan, the principal town of the Kolyma region in Russia.
In this way, Europeans have a certain kind of control over every body, office, institution and agency of the Union.
The importance of these reports and this discussion can be seen by the number of parliamentary committees which have drafted opinions.
We might disagree on some specific questions but our objectives are the same.
If that deal includes real commitment to cut emissions from both developed and developing countries; a clear commitment on financing to make this happen; and an agreement on how this is to be applied and verified - if this agreement includes the different elements of the Bali road map and can be seen to be in the right ball park to respect the 2 °C limit, then I think we will say rightly that it will be a major achievement.
This is why, based on preliminary discussions through organising an interinstitutional discussion, we can shorten the procedure, but without it being at the expense of quality.
President of the Commission. - The Commission respects the position taken by the Member States, and the Member States have decided unanimously to have negotiations with Turkey.
Together with the unfulfilled customs union agreement, this shows just how unready for accession Turkey is and is another slap in the face of the European Union.
The countries of Latin America are the only countries which we can say are so closely linked - more than other third countries - to Europe on matters relating to history, education and culture, and I think that particular emphasis should be placed on these sectors.
The SBA is designed to ensure that the 'think small first' principle and priority for small businesses are lastingly and irreversibly anchored in policy-making across the Union.
These measures should have the following objectives: providing non-discriminatory access to education enabling young people to acquire the skills they need to find a job which will provide them with a decent living, offering accessible child care services to facilitate the work-life balance and giving support to facilitate young people's entry into the labour market and to provide social housing for young people.
It is a technical, but necessary, parameter if we are to create a clear trend towards greater productivity, cohesion, competitiveness and access to a single market for European industry as a whole, and that is why I voted for this particular report.
In particular, let us not claim that we will be able to avert the crisis by running up a higher government debt, the infamous Verhofstadt proposal for a European government loan, which is a bill that somebody will have to foot sooner or later.
There will, however, be many - including myself - who will vote in favour because, having taken that position, I feel morally obliged to do so.
That is, for example, the matter of liquidity, the matter of reserves which can be activated.
We are certainly living through difficult times, but this is when societies have the greatest need of daring decision makers, because, as the Roman poet Horace noted thousands of years ago, he who is afraid of turmoil ends up crawling.
Two of these targets are that 75% of the working-age population should be employed and that the number of people living below the national poverty line should be reduced by 25%.
The Commission especially emphasises the fact that the Iranian authorities must comply with their international obligations in the human rights area and in particular the right of peaceful assembly set out in the International Pact on Civil and Political Rights.
Fundamentally, the path that the Member States should choose is that of seriously reducing public spending: having tax systems that are competitive and making structural reforms so that we can achieve the necessary growth.
It is essential that the legitimate claims of disadvantaged social groups are recognised by all parties involved in governing the country.
Mr President, of the Commission's 50 targets in the Single Market Act communication, I counted 13 which concern my work in the Parliament's ECON committee, but all 50 concern my constituency and the people I was elected to represent.
This European Council should send a clear signal that if a country's position is unsustainable within the euro zone then, unless it makes dramatic changes, the euro zone should not hesitate to raise the possibility of restructuring its debt or even - however cruel it might seem - of its leaving the club.
We must now look at the negotiations with the Council to resolve a few differences of interpretation on several points.
At a time of industrial crisis such as the one we are experiencing, with the loss of competitiveness and jobs, the idea of funding the technological innovation of third countries that are developing countries equates to sounding the death knell for European businesses.
However, the conditions of competition must be equal.
When were our voters ever consulted?
We on the Transport Committee often highlight the need for effective interoperability in the rail sector.
For the above reasons, I voted in favour of the report 'Action Against Cancer: European Partnership'.
Naturally, we, too, are disappointed by the results of the climate-change summit, but it is important not to forget that historic steps have indeed been taken with regard to certain elements, for example climate financing, deforestation and the two-degree target; even though this is imperfect, as you rightly pointed out.
It is true that the lack of a high quality care infrastructure is one of the reasons, but not the only one, why so few women are in decision-making posts, so we will have a look at the Member States' performance here.
I hope, as I say, I can change your mind over the next few months.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, applications of this fund are becoming more and more frequent.
We need action.
This regulation has been produced, but we need to conclude the negotiations between the Council and Parliament on the whole financial supervision package as soon as possible.
It is for this reason that I agree, despite some reservations, with the objectives of the present proposal which aims to improve the existing legal situation in the following respects: (i) improving the arrangements for revoking a European Protection Order; (ii) continuity of legal protection; (iii) limiting the reasons for refusal to recognise, or rejection of, a European Protection Order; (iv) deadlines for execution of an order; and (v) clarifying the position as regards victims moving.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we voted against Mrs Thun Und Hohenstein's report.
Some distanced themselves from his own political guidelines.
This very clearly indicates that there is a fundamental shift in the debate on climate policies.
I therefore reiterate my support for consolidating the powers of the European structures which are charged with running and supervising activity in the different European financial sectors, as is the case with the European Banking Authority, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority.
This is something that is also stressed in Mrs Neyts's report.
This report is the fruit of a lot of work.
Balanced agreements will need to be sought during the negotiations, but not with the mentality of protectionism, which is the enemy of development and well-being; European protectionism and also protectionism by some of the Mercosur countries.
The survival of milk producers is now seriously under threat.
Although legislation will only be harmonised to a limited extent, this harmonisation will, in reality, affect all EU entrepreneurs, since investors based in Member States which are not participating will also be able to take advantage of unitary patent protection.
The committee proposes to create international cooperation networks at universities, making use of virtual mobility.
The EIB has also played an important role in the European Economic Recovery Plan, especially with regard to the enhanced financing for SMEs, energy from renewable sources and clean transport.
Lastly, we think that the Council should obtain Parliament's consent before signing any further international commercial agreements, and that Parliament should be kept informed throughout all phases of the procedure in order to guarantee greater democratic control.
This is undoubtedly one of the great achievements of the area of freedom, security and justice.
This is arms for bonds.
We want to establish a balanced and fair relationship with the States of the Pacific; one which allows for the development of these island States while protecting the interests of our own citizens.
(DE) Mr President, a few months ago, there was not only a festive atmosphere in this Chamber but also a feeling of joy for most people here because the visa regulations were being eased for many countries in Europe.
The majority of entrepreneurs (I am convinced of this) dream of the possibility of being monopoly providers who can dictate terms, instead of having those terms dictated to them by consumers.
In any case, that is what I shall be proposing to my fellow Commissioners in the coming days.
I voted to improve the safety and health at work of pregnant workers out of respect for the principle of equal gender rights and non-discrimination based on gender, as well as to encourage women to become more involved in the labour market.
If that turns out to be electromobility, we shall need European and international standardisation.
I would call for professional education and training to be adapted to women's needs, and for more women to participate in such education and training.
There are specific examples and the Council referred to a few of them.
Our fine words are worth nothing if we do not have the cooperation of city mayors.
I find it just as strange that Mrs Bauer forgot to mention that she has been in contact with the Council about a report that has been rejected.
It is equally important, or more important perhaps, from the point of view of Greenland - a country that is almost totally dependent on the European market for its fish and, of course, almost totally dependent on fishing for its economy.
The agreement may be suspended or repealed, but that decision can only be made in relation to all the Member States.
We must be mindful that whatever burden is relieved in one place is not just moved to another.
Through the consumer market scoreboard, where we investigated different consumer markets, we spotted that the markets from where we had most complaints is the electricity market.
Better lawmaking 2006 pursuant to Article 9 of the Protocol on the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality (
To stand back and do nothing while people are arrested because they seek to expose human rights breaches and to defend ordinary women and men, to do nothing, Africa, is to be complicit.
There are some radical factions in Bulgaria saying that these projects are mutually incompatible.
When I was drafting the budget for the 2008 Parliament and other institutions, I noticed that things were not really right in this area.
We do not therefore understand why the Commission has not included Article 152 of the EC Treaty.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
In 2005, the National Crime Council found that one in seven women in Ireland have experienced severe abusive behaviour of a physical, sexual or emotional nature from their partner.
Where can we make the biggest savings?
I am getting the impression that the Commission has still not started to change its priorities under the Lisbon Treaty and is conducting unjustified and long-lasting rhetoric with Parliament to further its own opportunities.
Russia should not put pressure on Ukraine in this area by giving it the option of either joining the customs union with Kazakhstan and Belarus or paying a high energy price.
We know that you are also looking at issues such as digital products, package, travel and so on.
I think that after certain conditions have been met, such as a clampdown on arms smuggling from Sinai to Gaza, we could jointly achieve a situation - within the global security architecture, or through the European Union alone or only a part of that global architecture - where conflict could be ended, although I am not convinced that it would happen quickly.
Consequently, we need to pursue and strengthen dialogue between education systems and work providers.
Mr President, one of the issues addressed at the EU-Russia Summit last week in Brussels was the rule of law in the Russian Federation.
I would like to conclude by saying that this is the report that can make an essential step towards not only tackling the crisis, but also towards simplification and fewer costs for small enterprises, which they sorely need.
Russia is a full member of the Council of Europe and a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights.
I voted in favour of the report on SOLVIT.
During the last four years, 40% of its wine producers have either ceased trading or gone into liquidation, while the companies still operating in this key sector of its economy have accumulated losses.
The background to the action plan is the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development and deployment of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service), the forerunner of the Galileo system.
The situation in Western Sahara remains one of the final vestiges of decolonisation and, after 30 years, needs to be resolved.
Overall, I believe that the ACTA is favourable to the economic interests of the EU, and that it strikes a balance between protecting intellectual property rights and ensuring fundamental rights.
Research has proven that representative actions would significantly improve consumers' willingness to stand up for their rights, and in countries where consumer activeness is low because of the fear of the complexity and cost of such undertakings, measures such as representative actions are of crucial importance.
The Treaty, the whole Treaty and nothing but the Treaty, including the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
in writing. - (DE) The report on a new strategy for Afghanistan presents the absolutely necessary critical picture of the situation in that country.
It will be important, however, for us also to apply the rules we adopt consistently, and not to produce all kinds of exemptions from them (The President cut off the Speaker)
So why my indignation?
Finally, I also welcome the efforts of the Swedish Presidency to reach a satisfying conclusion.
We want to encourage you to continue as you have just said, so that the Czech Presidency will be as successful in its second half as it was in its first half.
Of course, we focused a lot of our efforts initially on the evacuation of European citizens and we have to show solidarity with Tunisia, which is bearing the brunt of the evacuation of so many people, especially Egyptians who are ending up on the Tunisian border and need to be brought to Egypt.
Power plants burning coal therefore have one thing in common with solar or wind-powered plants.
The victims are waiting for practical results, and I hope that the Commission will take the measures necessary to bring this state of affairs to an end.
The vote will take place shortly.
That is why I trust that the Commission and the Council will do their utmost to avoid additional stages in the treatment that would unnecessarily delay the procedure.
This is because its economic partners will not allow European objectives or methods to be dictated to them.
One strand of this solution is supporting affordable, easy access to support services and facilities such as kindergartens, out-patient clinics, and so on, as well as the requisite infrastructure.
I think that we can bring the result to a vote tomorrow with a degree of pride.
Oral questions and written declarations (submission): see Minutes
I have explained to them that they have to implement this regulation without any further delay.
One example is the toleration of bogus asylum seekers who use minor children as a way of getting themselves a residence permit, and another is the opposition to closed reception centres for people who fail to meet the conditions for recognition as refugees and abscond upon their release.
(SK) Madam President, I believe we are discussing a pan-European issue here.
We literally cannot forecast today the number of transplants that will, at some point, be covered by this directive, which may become much more important than we imagine.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, against a backdrop of financial, social and environmental crisis, the European Union has a role to play, a role of cooperation for development, ahead of the Madrid Summit.
We are always bottom of the pile.
Men have already immolated themselves in Algeria, Egypt and Mauritania.
I fully agree with paragraph 24, which speaks about an end to a compulsory retirement age so that people can choose when they want to finish working, but, at the same time, seeks to maintain a pensionable age, so that people who want to retire can do so and receive their benefits.
Whatever one thinks of their opinions, it is extremely serious that, in the European Union today, citizens, and lawyers to boot, should be given such sentences for having disputed an historic fact.
I believe that Member States need to strengthen the role of national SOLVIT centres by ensuring cooperation among national, regional and local authorities and to engage in an active exchange of views and best practices with other Member States in order to fully exploit the potential of the SOLVIT network.
Moreover, the budget line related to grants and payments, including funds for paying Members' salaries, is only increasing 0.55% compared with 2011.
However, I would also like those Members to applaud when the Presidents stick to their speaking time.
It will be of crucial importance to succeed in bolstering such countries so that they do not make any wrong decisions and to be clear that a customs union with Russia and a free trade zone with the European Union are not compatible and for the advantages of making the right choice to be made clear.
This ideology has returned to remind us that austerity is not enough, and that there needs to be a nominal reduction in wages and further deregulation of the labour market.
I agree with him when he says that the fund as such cannot solve all of the problems straight away.
The only solution is an immediate ceasefire and the opening of humanitarian corridors to Gaza and the start of dialogue with all sides.
I would remind you that preserving biodiversity is fundamental to ecosystem quality, has direct effects on essential functions such as food production and water supply, and prevents landslides and floods.
Turkey is of strategic importance to the European Union, not least on account of our energy supply and everything that is related to this, and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament is in favour of opening the energy chapter in the negotiation process.
If we do not have institutions that work, what will happen?
Even without much information on the stability mechanism, it deserves a place in the EU institutional framework.
Therefore, a real strategy for global competitiveness needs to emerge.
Examples of such threats are organised crime, Internet terrorism, piracy (we can see this off the coast of Somalia), climate changes and the dangers arising from the world economic crisis.
I also share her concerns in general.
However, countries such as Japan, Australia, Norway, China, Brazil and South Africa are making efforts that are commensurate with their responsibilities.
I have therefore abstained from voting.
With regard to the freedom of movement as well as the internal market, you also mentioned that it is essential not only for people to be able to move from A to B, but for goods to be able to do so too. In 1992, we adopted the internal market de facto in the European Parliament and, with the first railway package in 2001, we also created the conditions for the free internal market in the railway sector.
It is not enough to promote the protection of the environment within the EU, as we are always so keen to do, because it is a well-known fact that wind and waves are no respecters of borders.
There is also a need to see a more balanced road sector that is not only economically sustainable, but also environmentally sustainable, and one that recognises that it has to pay a fair price for the costs it creates - be these environmental or infrastructure costs.
ENISA's mandate is important as it was set by the EU to carry out very specific technical and scientific tasks in the field of information security.
Finally, I want to congratulate the rapporteur, Giusto Catania, for his work, which will be supported by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats.
And what about the European Commission?
Europe is facing today significant challenges due to the financial crisis, climate change, energy supply, security and immigration.
Although it was not possible to achieve total consensus, I welcome this further advance towards the EU's final commitment on this matter to be included in the next round of negotiations, and I express my full agreement with the revocation of the tariff rate established in Council Regulation (EC) No 1964/2005 of 29 November 2005.
But we also need better regulation and principles for future EU legislation when it comes to motor vehicles.
There is a sense of urgency, since, on this land, the extremists on all sides are powerful and in the wrong, while the children are moderate and victims.
This is the only way to pursue budgetary policies that are responsible, truthful and transparent.
That is necessary to ensure that we facilitate dialogue between the Sahel countries, which continue to harbour mutual distrust.
The army too, which did not intervene in the electoral process, must also continue with its strict observation of the constitutional order, as it has promised.
President-in-Office, go to Lampedusa and see how serious the problem is.
Aside from ethical objections to industrial production using cloned animals, I do not want to see these food products ending up on the plates of European consumers in view of the constantly topical doubts about the innocuousness of cloned meat.
In order to achieve this, they do not hesitate to falsify economic history, by ascribing the crisis of 1929 and the Second World War to protectionism.
Only well-informed Europeans can make use of the opportunities offered to them and take part in an active dialogue on Europe.
I can also speak for our shadow rapporteur, Professor Mayer, who, on account of some constituency-related business, has, unfortunately, had to remain in his constituency today.
(DE) Madam President, the provision of daily necessities, and in particular agricultural commodities, must not be left at the mercy of the efforts of speculators to maximise short-term profits.
The new CAP needs to effectively target the areas of inefficiency by incentivising new practices.
Our chief negotiator sits behind me.
Help needs to be given, and the European Union and Parliament, in particular, have a role to play here, as they are fundamental in the process of mobilising the Solidarity Fund.
Without going into details as regards the proposals for regulations on the patent itself or the language regime, I would like to say that while implementing this great European project, we must bear in mind the interests of all European entrepreneurs, or, in other words, both those who patent inventions and those who are interested in easy access to technical information regarding such inventions.
Moving on to the substance of this issue: the greatest damage a democratic society can do to terrorism is to cut off its financial resources.
(DE) Madam President, on 10 November, five people were killed in a bomb attack against Christians and just a few days previously, there was an attack on a Catholic cathedral.
in writing. - (DE) Internet advertising adapts itself to users' behaviour.
But there has also been a strong support in this plenary for an agency, and I am very glad that it is going to be created now.
All the figures are available, from the Committee on Budgetary Control, for what is done to recover wrongly paid money.
It appears that European school children will grow up learning that the EU is a defender of human rights - but what have you actually done, beyond rhetoric?
An interesting idea is the proposal to create project bonds, which will allow businesses to raise funds.
The rules on vaccination that applied at that time need to be adapted to technological developments in order to combat bluetongue more effectively and reduce the burden on farmers.
Children imitate the games which can lead to tragic results.
They will, in particular, be looking to reinforce further the controls at their borders and to improve cross-border police cooperation as well as their systems for the issuing of visas.
We cannot afford, as politicians, to sit and wait for the reform of the common fisheries policy when a new regulation is expected.
Ladies and gentlemen, in just under ten days, the deadline for transposition of the Services Directive expires.
Written statements (Rule 142)
The own-initiative report to be voted on tomorrow calls on the Commission to reform the legal basis for these European parties.
Global stocks are no longer the key figure; we need to know where the stocks are and to realise that they will not come out of China or India.
We want investment in a modern infrastructure, in research, innovation and the development of new technologies.
For many of these areas, no commercial solutions are yet available, or if they are, further research and development action is required.
Once again, I would like to thank Parliament and its rapporteur for this very supportive report and its very important recommendations.
Finally, it is not for Parliament but for the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be.
The next item is the report by Mr Schwab, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on consumer rights - C7-0349/2008 -.
This press release equates Muslims with thugs.
We have to be very careful with this process.
Perhaps - and this is my final comment, Madam President - it is already quite something for you to hearten Parliament by actually looking closer into the implementation of the Services Directive; after all, I have heard many positive reports in this regard.
However, I believe that it is not intellectually or politically satisfying to behave as if the conflict of objectives between the increasingly large union and the increasingly close union did not exist.
I hope that this time we will have benefited from the lessons we can learn from this process and will genuinely work hard on growth for employment at both European and national levels.
During the 2008-2009 period we are facing an economic crisis which has already sparked in many Member States economic recession, a rise in unemployment and large numbers of company bankruptcies, especially among SMEs.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the transparency and current position of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) negotiations because I support a transparent process in the conduct of negotiations.
On the contrary, the further removal of trade restrictions which the Commission wants to push through will encourage globalisation, benefit large companies and cause damage to the Member States and their citizens.
Conservatives also have concerns about the proportionality of certain aspects of the proposed regulation, particular the liability provisions.
Then we will have to see where we stand.
That is something that we in the Danish Liberal Party have been fighting for for a very long time.
I agree with the report overall, but I voted against the more direct references to the impact of livestock farming on climate change, since I felt they were excessive Agriculture must not be ostracised.
This year, the Council has again done everything it can to impede our work as auditors.
Europe must welcome the latter if she wants to be true to herself.
This is a complicated piece of work, and one for which I would like to thank Mr Karas, but it is only part of the work, and we need the right resolution mechanisms too.
in writing. - (LT) One of the main reasons for the European Community's participation in the activities of the Observatory is the precondition that by carrying out its work, the Observatory will help to strengthen the competitiveness of the Community's audiovisual industry.
The last elections took place in a climate of fear.
It is a neoliberal approach, to which we are opposed.
It is our duty to protect children from a world that may destroy them.
Other topics should include making use of education as a means of combating poverty, inequality and social exclusion, with special attention being devoted to people with disabilities.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (CS) The name of US President Obama will be on everyone's lips today, particularly in connection with his speech in Prague on 5 April.
(LT) Thank you, Minister, for the efforts you have made, as the country holding the Presidency, to combat poverty.
This needs to be addressed because the attitude of citizens to the internal market is affected by their experience in these areas, even if there is not competence for the EU in them.
Why is this measure important?
That is why it is very important for this strategy to be translated into real action, because we are having a debate again, and I remember us having a similar debate quite recently.
I would also like to draw attention to the Framework Decision on combating certain forms of expression of racism and xenophobia, which aims at criminalising intentional conduct, such as incitement to violence or hatred towards a group of people or against a person belonging to that group.
Far from being a reactionary relegation of women to a role of subordination to men, it is a way to rehabilitate the family within society, giving equal rights to men, too.
There was a time when, if such shabby conduct on the part of public servants was revealed, both functionaries and the minister responsible would fall on their swords.
in writing. - I supported this Report on the proposal for a directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste.
They can marry someone from the opposite sex or someone of their own sex.
Secondly, let us devote more attention to environmentalism, or to be more precise, to environmental education, both integrating it into education programmes and presenting it as a new discipline.
Africa has more self-confidence; and good reason for it.
If we postpone the decision in the Council, we will lose two important weeks of negotiations.
I voted 'for'.
Written declarations for entry in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
Their common denominator is the need to strengthen consumer protection, especially through better levels of awareness on the part of customers concerning the real terms and the price of services.
I am now curious to listen to your debate on the proposal and the proposed amendments, and will make further comments, on behalf of the Commission, in my closing remarks.
We should allocate more funding and more political importance to this region, which really is a region that sees the European Union as its shining example, as many previous speakers have pointed out.
Mrs Ask and I are looking forward to increased cooperation with the European Parliament.
Today we voted during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Brussels on the report on increased effectiveness between the ERDF and other structural funds.
Like other speakers, I am concerned about this issue, for the sake of the democratic values that we uphold.
In this respect, I welcome the inclusion in this report of a request made to the United States to lift visa requirements for the six countries which have not yet been included in the Visa Waiver Programme.
The last European Council showed this clearly once again.
Such is what happens when you treat with terrorists.
People are robbed of their most basic human rights and become the slaves of our times in our various Member States.
That shows that they respect the principle of subsidiarity.
The lack of a common energy and foreign policy, squeezing the diversification of energy use into the background and prioritising certain historical injuries and commercial advantages renders our Union vulnerable.
Fundamentally, we are a sick country in Europe and, if I can put it this way, that is in no way a credit to one of the previous speakers, Mr Verhofstadt, former Prime Minister of Belgium.
I voted in favour of the Scholz report, because increased support for trade relations between the European Union and the countries of Latin America is the result of major democratic reforms in this particular region and improvements to the framework for protecting human rights.
The largest source of income for the SPD today is its media interests.
It likes talks about talks because all that time gives it the opportunity to keep changing the facts on the ground and making a two-state solution that much harder to achieve.
Our businesses should think again about how they can make both their production processes and their products more efficient.
The Commission therefore needs to propose new additional instruments, such as extending the responsibilities of the European Environmental Agency and the facility for the Union to send missions to verify information in the Member States.
To begin with, the impact of these problems of excessive radioactive contamination is felt in health terms, particularly through an increase in cases of cancer and other health problems.
We are concerned that the proposed framework will increase job insecurity, exacerbating the situation of workers who find themselves without a permanent employment contract after decades of service, as well as the 'transfer' of many workers to temporary employment agencies.
An absolutely fundamental matter is to concentrate on building infrastructure, which, by the way, my colleague Mr Deva emphasised during the last debate.
They are not stupid, and they know that the Commission gerrymandered its legislative agenda so that no bad news entered the Irish media's bloodstream.
On this issue, I would argue that the asymmetries between men and women must be reduced, and that a balanced reconciliation of professional life with family and private life must be promoted.
in writing. - (RO) I voted for the report on the proposal for a Council directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste because nuclear security in the EU depends on the proper management of spent fuel and radioactive waste.
in writing. - We still are in an era of financial turmoil, requiring new and coordinated solutions.
However, no one, neither trade unions nor employers, has asked for this amendment to be made to the old code. They even disagree with the new measures.
Secondly, we should consider the level that is under scrutiny.
The central question in this context is: what can the European Union do for patients?
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
I shall now comment on a few things that have come up in the discussion, and I think it is worthwhile taking them up.
It only envisages reciprocal free movement of Russian and European citizens happening in the long term, yet it supports the process of free trade that is under way.
The Commission encourages Member States to reach an agreement as soon as possible to allow Member States who wish to take advantage of this opportunity to do so, so we in the Council definitely have to move along those lines.
Composition of committees and delegations: see Minutes
It is nonetheless vital for us to adopt more effective intervention tools.
As stated in the report, insufficient information was provided about the impact on the processing regions, the impact of quota refusals on local economies, the jobs that would be lost and the distribution of compensation.
It is our duty to remind him of his promise, and to give more support to the independent media, civil society and the victims of human rights violations.
The same goes for the domestic security of our Member States.
I hope that the European spirit found in the committee will shape the implementation of the framework and take Europe forward for the benefit of our citizens.
It must strive to prevent the spread of radicalism, which would make the human rights situation in the region worse, threaten international security, and also Israel's right to exist.
Similar restrictions also exist in terms of access to third-country tenders.
Most of all, however, I would like to thank Commissioner Špidla for having spoken German, and I would like to express my heartfelt congratulations to Commissioner Kroes.
The sooner the better.
What is it exactly that we expect we will be able to achieve with the citizens' initiative?
Providing for varying degrees of harmonisation of standards will allow us to achieve important results, which will provide real added value for European citizens.
Let me also thank the members of the Committee on Budgetary Control of the European Parliament and also their colleagues for their work which has led to today's results.
Such an assessment, together with an inventory of the most frequent problems faced by the managing authorities, should contribute to finding more appropriate solutions for the next programming period.
For this reason, maritime activity is, without doubt, a very important factor and is one of Europe's strengths.
If we were to follow the recommendations set out in this report, we would create a dictatorship of political correctness in the European Union tomorrow, whereby, under the guise of so-called anti-racism in pompous declarations of principle, the free expression of opinion involving topics such as asylum and immigration would be curbed even further.
That is behind us.
(Applause)
One point was particularly important to me: if we go to our citizens with nothing to say other than 'we have increased automaticity', as the newspapers are putting it, they will be left with the impression that some mysterious machine has been turned on in Brussels and will rap them on the knuckles whenever something goes wrong.
I am also pleased with the invitation to the Commission to designate 2013 the 'European Year for Citizenship', in order to bolster the debate on European citizenship and inform European citizens about their new rights following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
That is what I deduced.
This is where the big challenge comes, and all we can do is to support the Haitian people and Haiti's political society in this.
Voting time
I am well aware that I have not responded to every single question.
The Commission is willing to examine what scope it has to contribute to projects such as a European Memory and Conscience Platform, which was just mentioned by Deputy Prime Minister Vondra, which is designed to promote information exchanges and networking between national organisations active in this field.
Is the glass half full or half empty?
Discrimination should be defined in the same way regardless of what kind it is.
Humans are the only host of the tuberculosis microbacterium and its eradication would be perfectly possible.
I believe that, at some point, unless we incorporate social issues, monetary issues, fiscal issues and, of course, environmental issues, China will have not just a comparative advantage over Europe, it will have an absolute advantage over it.
Seals are very beautiful marine animals - in fact, I have realised during this process that they have great PR - but to some they are the rats of the sea.
This cannot be the added value in the European Union that was intended when, for good reason, we negotiated the Treaty of Lisbon.
The chaotic responses show a lack of coordination, and also hesitation, at a time when quick decisions should be made on re-opening air space.
Compared to native pupils, many migrant children perform poorly at school and have higher school drop-out rates and lower rates of enrolment in higher education.
I feel that we exercised our powers with a great sense of responsibility, and I believe that it is only right that I should thank the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs, and also express my gratitude for the spirit of cooperation on the part of the Commission and the Council, under the Belgian Presidency, during the negotiations on the safeguard regulation.
The European Union has been closely following the tragic events from the outset.
We have long expressed our opposition to the Treaty and do not believe that it would be in the interests of the UK and the EU to have the new foreign policy tools provided for in the Treaty.
It would mean that there is no economic determinism, that there is a voice for politics, a voice for citizens, a voice for our future in our own hands.
The first was to table an ambitious proposal, which is fully justified, and to run the risk that it might not be approved by the Council.
I therefore believe that the Treaty of Lisbon represents progress.
The problems we are facing in relation to the future are actually internal political problems within the Council and between Member States with different attitudes towards the EU and its budget in the future.
Why do we always vote on human rights at 16.00 in plenary sessions?
However, it is not sufficient to normalise relations for cooperation in these fields.
The continual rise in job losses, stagnant, sometimes even negative, growth, and the developing social crisis are all factors that mean we can no longer afford to let jobs disappear in the name of this cult.
However, we in the Spanish delegation will support his proposal at first reading.
Fifty seven people were killed, women were raped, people were injured - they convey a bloody message.
There is much in this report to be content with and I echo the comments of a number of colleagues this morning.
It is not very responsible ...
(DE) Mr Barroso, I have to disagree with you.
We will need to publicise the scheme better if it is to have the desired effect, and it will require better marketing but also standardisation and harmonisation of the information it displays if it is to be of real use to consumers.
The EU budget should be regarded as a capital budget, rather than a current one.
The EU has more and enhanced opportunities for external representation under the Treaty of Lisbon and cooperation with the UN and other international organisations is both desirable and necessary for the purpose of crisis management, to maintain and build peace and to respond to international challenges, such as recent developments in Japan.
This report still gives Member States the flexibility to transpose the directive at the most appropriate time so as to avoid any difficulty that may arise from the reduction of regulation.
(PT) Madam President, Mr Carlgren, Mr De Gucht, the European Union should continue to play a leading role in the international negotiations to achieve an ambitious agreement in Copenhagen.
Furthermore, the EU should pay more attention to the situation of its trade partners in the area of human rights.
We are financing more in Turkey simply because that is our mandate, decided jointly by the Council and Parliament.
In conclusion, it is our view that the new treaty has provided specificity and clarity on the legal base for restrictive measures against natural or legal persons and groups or non-state entities.
They move back and forth.
Closure of the sitting
We should do all we can to ensure that economic cooperation, security, energy security, respect for the principles of human rights and democracy become a positive and constructive feature of our relationship.
We also fear possible shortages of supply and price increases on eggs, given that eggs from farms which are not in compliance with Council Directive 1999/74/EC will be banned from sale.
My group will support all these resolutions and we are proud to do so, I would just say, with one particular reservation, and that is on the Kaufmann report, which we see as a first step: putting on the table a first reflection on how that might operate in the future.
Finally, I believe that we in the European Parliament should strengthen every effort which shows the European taxpayer in times of crisis that this House is spending what it needs rationally so that it can do a better job.
I believe that this document should be reconsidered.
The information should only need to be kept in a few exceptional cases.
The question of minorities falls within the competence of the Member States, and therefore these communities must, for the most part, be satisfied with whatever they can negotiate with their own governments.
With this in mind, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance tabled Amendments 6 and 7, which emphasise that all assessment documents must be made public and, in addition, that all documents pertaining to different projects must be available to the public.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to take my turn in congratulating our rapporteur, Mrs Paliadeli, on her excellent report and on all her efforts to date.
This will therefore resolve problems linked to differences in interpretation of the scope of the regulation and the problems caused by this, such as: distortion of competition and the different levels of protection against the risks to public and animal health; ABP classification based to a larger extent on risks; clarification of derogations (e.g. impact of ABPs on research, disease outbreaks, natural disasters); reduction in the administrative burden by eliminating the duplication of permits for certain types of economic units.
Bearing all these benefits in mind and the consent of both the Member States and the European institutions to the establishment of the European Office, I was delighted to vote in favour of its establishment.
It is true that the Commission proposals were not really clear on how the system should work in practice.
In a crisis, the way out cannot involve yet more, new taxes which would be difficult to collect.
We will continue to encourage Russia to work constructively for the resolution of the outstanding issues and conflicts, be they in Transnistria or Nagorno-Karabakh, and also through the Geneva process.
We are currently celebrating the 10th anniversary of this first UN resolution on the unique and disproportionate impact of armed conflict on women.
I would like to thank my advisers and the staff of the Committee on Budgets.
The disadvantage of sustainability is that it is a very general concept that can also lack substance.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Madam President, this proposal is an opportunity to better integrate the Roma people within Member States and to find ways to provide the Roma people with the full, equal opportunities and rights afforded to all EU citizens.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00.
How much will each developed country give?
Therefore, it proved truly necessary to reject the proposal, and I believe that Parliament has the right to operate on the basis of full codecision, especially regarding such important issues as this.
In the current circumstances, however, nobody wants to listen to such voices.
My report is not a single-issue report; it is a report that talks generally about protecting fundamental rights and security on the Internet and, indeed, that is why it received unanimous support.
Thank you, Commissioner, and thank you for helping us this evening with so many questions.
I know that a team from the European Parliament will travel next week and you will be able to put questions and hopefully have more answers then.
That being said, this is another application of this institutional framework which must, once more, remain the exception.
Often, people are in the wrong place, or lack the right skills, or a combination of both.
For these countries, the crisis was the last nail in the coffin.
Nuclear energy is only one of many potential sources of energy and, therefore, decision-making procedures must be the same as those for coal, renewables, gas and oil.
Since 2008, Egyptians have been unable to get an unregistered phone line, but the control is not total.
What would you have said then, more than 20 years ago, if the EU had declared, 'yes, we are sending election observers there because the regime currently in office says that is alright'?
It provides for the creation of a financial instrument designed to support initiatives in energy efficiency and renewable energies which have a rapid, measurable and substantial impact on the economic recovery of the Union, on the strengthening of energy security and on the reduction of greenhouse gases.
This is a job for the High Representative of the European Union.
The Lisbon Treaty is the legal precondition for the future fully effective functioning of the European Union.
Not just what we can do in direct support - although that is important - but what we can leverage.
As we celebrate the tenth anniversary of the United Nations Resolution establishing the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, we recognise the extent of this problem.
In this sense, I would like to underline and support the efforts of Prime Minister Sali Berisha to find an effective solution to the current political crisis and, at the same time, criticise the ignoble behaviour of the socialist opposition.
I am voting for this report, given that the combined air space of the US and the EU represents 60% of global air traffic, and current bilateral agreements between Member States and the US do not reflect reality.
Therefore, Mrs Ashton, your role in this is invaluable.
We need financing of these projects.
Venezuela (vote)
I hope that in the future, the Bureau will come forward with recommendations and proposals, not only about spending, but also about ways in which we can make efficiency savings in the future.
Mr Barroso, I warmly welcome your statement just now that you intend that there should be a portfolio within the Commission dealing with fundamental rights.
They need to have the tools to make these choices.
I voted for the Manders report on regulations covering the labelling of textile products.
I support this report's calls for a sustained increase in development aid.
The euro, of course, limited the potential for 'stray' capital to speculate on exchange rates.
Ladies and gentlemen, I began by talking about the obligation to produce results.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
What measures will the Commission take to put an end to tax havens, combat financial speculation and curb the free movement of capital, especially within the Union?
We want the internal market to function better in our region than anywhere else, and we want the new Lisbon strategy for jobs and growth to be implemented effectively in this part of Europe.
6.
I was not asking you a question about a hypothetical referendum, but about a referendum that is identical in every way to the one that was held for the people of Switzerland.
We have legislation that has been in place for 20 years, and the standards and codes of practices in the European Union are quite stringent, but it is clear that we are still vulnerable when it comes to foodstuffs.
After liberating themselves from the yoke of the Soviet Union, they wanted to be members, as quickly as possible, of that other union, which likes to put itself forward as a unique association of free nations.
This may result in both a lack of legal certainty and an invasion of privacy and I therefore abstained in the final vote.
Unfortunately, illegal employment forms part of the current system, which has resulted in a global economic crisis that we need to address with means which will help to safeguard not only therapeutic, but also real corrective measures which will safeguard prosperity in the long term.
I am delighted with the progress made on both of the legislative proposals tabled by the Commission.
We do not question the need for some cooperation, organisation even, at an intergovernmental level, for solidarity between the States.
I believe there are a lot of ways in which we can lead.
In fact, the Commission considered them already in 2008, in our document 'EMU@10' - the EMU's 10th anniversary.
If the British Government invested more in the European Union, they could make savings on their foreign policy, in William Hague's department.
If the US is able to access data by other means - for example through bilateral relations with the Netherlands - those safeguards will no longer apply.
I call on the Commission to table a legislative initiative for setting up a European fund for developing the transport infrastructure.
That is just the way it goes.
They are vulnerable to threats which no longer respect national borders, as a result of their interconnection with and interdependency on other infrastructures and the inability to guarantee their security and resilience based on purely national approaches.
I trust that Parliament will also continue to support this very valuable common goal.
The Council had good intentions on the part of the Swedish Presidency, but it was not possible either legally or technically.
It is necessary to realise that these are predominantly unilateral steps by the European Parliament, which have no counterparts outside the EU in the rest of the world.
Mrs Weisgerber, you said that the process should go quicker - unfortunately, it cannot go any quicker.
We are all aware of the potential and crucial role the common agricultural policy has in achieving environmental and climate targets, in providing public goods and also in attaining the EU's food security targets.
In addition, Parliament's role in drawing up legislation on the Single Market can be strengthened further.
An independent, stable Belarus, which is taking steps towards democracy, the spreading of human rights and a social market economy, is in the interest of the European Union and in particular Belarus' immediate neighbours, Lithuania, Latvia and Poland.
The main cause is a fundamental reduction in the budget for rural development which makes it impossible to achieve the original aims of rural policy.
You cannot say to the planet: 'Could you please give us another year or two; there's a recession on', or 'The climate sceptics made us hesitate'.
If a socialist head of government is voted out of office, this is prima facie a good thing.
A specific and unanimous text was produced on the implementation of the so-called REDD+ mechanism to reduce deforestation and enable CO2 to be stored naturally.
The references to the Treaty of Lisbon, which our people do not want, and the proposal that the putative Commission Vice-President/High Representative should co-chair a new 'Transatlantic Political Council', are examples of this.
We should be aware that the information within the food supply chain is being interpreted too narrowly and this needs to change.
We should therefore support the Council's proposal for the amendments of the Treaty as it is.
As we know from our debate last month on the Communist regime's vandalism of the ancient city of Kashgar, China vigorously tries to suppress cultural expression that does not conform to what its Communist rulers deem appropriate.
Official Development Assistance (ODA) has played, and will continue to play, a critical role in supporting our partners' efforts in coping with the crisis.
That is not the issue at stake this evening, however.
This is a well-balanced directive.
I would like, therefore, to express great esteem for the rapporteurs, of course, who are always key people.
I should also like to say to Mr Romeva i Rueda and Mrs Figueiredo that they should not worry about maternity protection; what they want is provided for in Recital 17a.
But simplifying standards does not mean less quality or authenticity.
It is possible to mention this without forcing anyone to accept the same faith.
The common agricultural policy in Europe was and is one of the most important pillars of the European unification process.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the data on world poverty are alarming, disturbing and unforgiving.
At least 10 000 convicts and at least 6 000 refugees are caned each year in Malaysia. There are numerous canings in detention facilities, and Mr Tannock has said that, unfortunately, Malaysia is not the only country in which anachronistic punishments of this type are applied: there is also talk of Singapore.
Incidentally, the same thing was said at the G8 Summit in L'Aquila.
I voted in favour of the recommendation on the Voluntary Partnership Agreement between the EU and the Republic of Cameroon as it sets out political and legislative reforms which will allow Cameroon's timber sector to promote good governance and transparency, with a view to combating fraud and the trade in illegal timber.
(Applause)
It is to be hoped, in this respect, that the Commission will be bolder in its approach.
This requires boosting international aid and the need for more efficient development aid.
Mr President, there is much in the Catania report that I take issue with.
Your environmental disaster focused the attention of the whole world on Hungary.
More importantly, what can be changed in future?
To prove it, not only did the European Union legislate on the subject by means of a 1999 directive prohibiting battery cages for laying hens from 1 January 2012, but the transposition of that text also caused a disagreement between the Walloons and the Flemish in 2004.
That really would read like 'EU economics for dummies'.
The communication contains no fewer than 50 initiatives involving the internal market in its broadest sense, yet I failed to find any mention of a subject upon which I have been working for several years, and which is related to the creation of uniform conditions for access to media services in the common market.
Mr President, Commissioner, as Mr Simpson pointed out, several thousand containers are lost each year in European waters, and they pose a very significant risk on two counts: they pose a pollution risk, which has been widely discussed, but also, because a number of them do not sink but often float between two bodies of water in which they are difficult to locate, they pose a major risk to the safe passage of ships, whether they be cargo ships or, in particular, the smallest fishing or recreational vessels.
Finding us unprepared for an emergency only 70 miles from our shores reflects the weaknesses of our 27-member system and the need to develop a greater sense of accountability and solidarity.
The next item is the report by Mrs Jiménez-Becerril Barrio and Mrs Romero López, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, on the draft directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the European Protection Order (00002/2010 - C7-0006/2010 -.
You tell us this and have told us this each time that we question you.
I would like to mention an example from the Russian Federation, where the oil lobby has brought about the closure of mines in the Vorkuta region, with disastrous social consequences.
Yet they see the EU failing to be rigorous in dealing with countries where they are clearing rain forests to raise cattle.
That money should create jobs in our SMEs, agriculture, forestry sector and industry.
The evaluation powers of the Commission are also well defined and limited, thus making it, de facto, less complicated for Member States who wish to continue their specific policy on foreign direct investment.
Obviously, responses to this disaster also need to be more than merely palliative.
(FI) Madam President, as far as common corporate tax is concerned, it would be a very challenging prospect for the European Union, because its 27 Member States are all very different.
The G20 leaders meeting in Seoul also asked the competent international organisations to improve information on stocks and production forecasts.
Quite simply, the Commission proposal as it stands will not achieve our aim of ensuring that the EU no longer provides a market for illegally logged timber.
The first concerns the cooperation of the Belgian authorities with the High Representative for Foreign Affairs in forming the European External Action Service.
I therefore think it crucial to enact effective legislation to improve administrative cooperation in tackling harmful tax practices and to ensure the smooth functioning of the internal market.
To those of you who are not running for re-election, I would like to say that it has been a pleasure working with you.
We have had the opportunity to express our sympathy and solidarity and to listen.
In summary, we need to be aware that, in a global world, in this global game, those who only play national cards lose.
It goes without saying that the new strict framework would need to be applied by countries neighbouring the EU until such time, of course, as we manage to break free, once and for all, from the nightmare of nuclear power plants.
Bulgaria will have to implement transitional measures when it enters Schengen.
Bloggers, journalists and civil society activists are denied freedom of speech in Azerbaijan and peaceful protests are prevented.
A new Section X has to be created in the budget and the 2010 budget has to be modified in order to provide 100 additional posts in the EEAS establishment plan and a financial envelope for financing an additional 70 contract staff.
Madam President, firstly, I should like to tell Mr Oettinger how struck I was by the difference between what he has just told us and what we have previously heard, and how happy I am to see Mrs Damanaki and Mr Potočnik, who are also interested in the subject, sitting beside him, because this shows the multifaceted nature of the problem facing us.
Following the multiple attempts by the Moroccan regime to prevent Parliament from expressing its opinion on the human rights situation in the Western Sahara, we must welcome the fact that on this occasion, the Moroccan lobby has failed.
However, I strongly disagree with the rapporteur's assumption that 'the Treaty of Lisbon deepens significantly democracy in the EU, giving to citizens of the Union, mainly through the Parliament, a reinforced power of scrutiny of the Commission'.
Please do your research on the Internet about the human rights abuses and mass police brutalities in Hungary and make sure that it can never happen again.
Mr Provera, on development cooperation immigration, you make an important point, which is that, if people feel they have no other choices, then they will take risks, often with their lives, to leave the country where they live and were born and want to live.
I will be happy to talk to Parliament about this during the first quarter of next year when I will be able to submit to you our proposal for achieving a 20% improvement in energy efficiency.
We would like to assure Kazakhstan of our explicit support and encourage this country to continue resolutely along this path.
We sincerely thank you for this offer.
If there is a failure to reach a global agreement, Europe should still remain open to considering a second commitment period for the Kyoto Protocol, but imposing conditions, especially with regard to the environmental integrity of the protocol, the redesigning of the Clean Development Mechanism and the undertaking of commitments by the major polluters worldwide, such as China and the US.
Agriculture has much to gain by anticipating the harmful effects of climate change as far as flooded areas, a decrease in farming areas, deforestation and unpredictable returns are concerned.
(The sitting was suspended at 20.45)
In view of the scale of the operation, I would be grateful if the Commissioner could comment on this matter.
Finally, as Simon Busuttil and Vice-President Barrot emphasised, guarantees of reciprocity are essential in these agreements.
The first is the human rights situation in North Korea, where people disappear off the streets and spend the rest of their lives in camps; where sometimes even a second generation of people spend their whole lives imprisoned in camps because their parents had allegedly committed crimes; where people are publicly executed and other people are obliged to watch these executions, and much more besides.
Until now, bus and coach passengers were in a much worse situation.
It is not enough, therefore, merely to say that we are promoting solidarity in the energy resources field and promoting broadband in rural areas if we really want to contribute to the recovery of Europe's economy.
Despite this, Poland remains a country of low efficiency compared to the European average.
(FR) Mr President, it was with sadness and bitterness that I discovered that the oral question with debate on rosé wines and permitted oenological practices that I and my fellow Members from a large number of political groups submitted within the deadline was not on this week's agenda.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Hungarian Presidency is committed to the Council adopting this law as soon as possible.
However, we must not raise false expectations amongst the citizens of the European Union.
We constantly hear about macroeconomic monitoring.
Our European airlines and airports have suffered catastrophic financial losses.
Germany decided to take a similar step immediately after the disaster in Japan.
Gender equality and respect for the principle of nondiscrimination in general are basic preconditions to active inclusion in the labour market and the social integration which must accompany it.
We need an agreement on the procedure and a timetable within this global agreement which, like the Council, we are advocating passionately.
The Greens were particularly unhappy with the candidate for the chairmanship of the new insurance and pension authority, Gabriel Bernardino.
During previous crises, families were able to save themselves by emigrating or by holding down several jobs.
Hey presto, the entire European airspace is closed, even though experience has shown that volcanic ash is not really dangerous except for aeroplanes that have to cross a dense cloud.
That is why we are having this debate ahead of the municipal elections.
It is this same spirit that we wanted to develop with the Mediterranean in this report.
Human Rights Watch continues to report that non-Muslim minorities are being persecuted.
We need to walk, not run.
We have the impression, as one of our colleagues has put it, that the government is like a football team trying to change the rules and the referee during a game.
We would like the EU's priorities for the budget to be focused more on the future, increased competitiveness, investments in infrastructure and research, rather than propping up agricultural policy.
We took too long - you took too long - to realise what was happening in those countries, and you are still delaying now.
On the issue of the amendments to the draft European Regional Development Fund Regulation tabled by Mrs Schroedter, three relate to the recitals and one to the substance.
Finally, the new agreement with the Republic of Moldova should be an association agreement as in the case of the other countries under the European neighbourhood policy.
This point also deserves close attention.
Those will be issues such as food security, market volatility, climate change, and the need to adequately meet the expectations for the delivery of public goods.
At national level, budgetary discipline is based on stupid penalties like those that the Franco-German communiqué is attempting to state and ratify today.
in writing. - (SV) Today we have adopted a position on the own-initiative report on combating female genital mutilation.
There are still eight chapters which need to be examined with Turkey and I therefore believe that this being so, Turkey is not yet ready to be given a start date for negotiations.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, that is what I wanted to say, before we all retire to sleep on it, as a previous speaker said.
At the moment, we are mainly subsidising more greenhouse gas emissions.
This impression is confirmed by paragraph 27, which stresses that, in the absence of adequate services for early childhood, our young children run the risk of falling into criminality and antisocial behaviour.
Their determination is an important contribution to national and European wealth and to the common good.
We have to be sensible, though.
An immediate ceasefire is only a necessary start.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Parliament will today give its verdict for a second time on the amendment to the financing instrument for development cooperation providing for the establishment of Banana Accompanying Measures for the main ACP banana-producing countries.
This question was examined with exceptional care because it is a fundamental question.
There are 15 key elements: building an innovation chain; increasing resource efficiency; clear targets for sustainable products; using public tenders; enhancing clean energy production; a convincing raw materials strategy; reshaping trade for fair coexistence and sustainable production; outlining an obligatory sectoral industrial policy; involving SMEs; developing regional areas for action; ensuring anticipation of industrial change; restructuring; enhancing qualifications; enlarging workers' participation in decision making; and long-term policies.
The wave of protest that has swept through Egypt in recent weeks and resulted in the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak, marks an important stage in the country's political transition.
The first response to the anti-grassroots attack by the government and the European Union will be the national strike on 17 December announced and organised by the All Workers Militant Front (PAME).
(Great applause from the floor)
For the duration of the procedure, the joint committees thus become responsible within the meaning of the Rules of Procedure.
To get there we do not need more handouts, which just keep people in subsistence poverty; we need to work to create economic growth.
Unfortunately, the European Commission has not taken any notice, even though numerous fellow Members have highlighted the negative aspects of radically limiting CO2 emissions.
Indeed, we think that the information society should be both respectful of citizens' rights and positive from an economic and social point of view, opening up a new cultural sphere.
Under the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament will ratify all international trade agreements.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the rapporteur for the Committee on Development, Mr Mitchell, has asked me to substitute him because he could not be present today.
It is estimated that cattle rearing is responsible for 80% of illegal deforestation.
That is a very interesting question.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 10 March 2010.
The joint debate is closed.
The policies of the EU establishment mean a nightmare for the ordinary people of these countries - the threat of barbaric conditions for the ordinary people.
I agree with previous speakers that in fact this is not about the human rights of just one group, but it is about human rights in Uganda in general as all minorities there are facing extreme challenges.
Situation in Iran (debate)
Children themselves are asking to be consulted and want their opinions and perspectives, their hopes and dreams to form part of efforts to build a world suited to them.
This worrying and deplorable fact has to be deeply regretted, particularly since Christianity preaches peace and understanding between men, regardless of whether they are Jews or Greeks, as St Paul would say.
Of course, we started with research.
For these reasons, as a matter of national interest and as a member of Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism, I voted against the document tabled in plenary.
However, we do not have a very clear idea of the nature of those assets.
The same was said about granting Kazakhstan the chair of the OSCE in 2010 and holding a major OSCE summit in Astana in December.
All important matters concerning changes to the Treaties, such as electoral procedure, will still require a Convention to be convened.
Agricultural subsidies are necessary for food security and independence for 500 million Europeans and, for me, this is of central importance.
I am looking towards Mr Kirkhope, because his and my party cooperated on that.
Have any states used the instrument as yet?
Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Gebhardt, in 2006, my group, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, voted against the Services Directive, and today, we consider the report assessing the implementation of this Services Directive, previously known as the Bolkestein Directive, to be equally unsatisfactory.
We try to be balanced and to consider all aspects of this very complex conflict.
in writing. - (PL) At a time when we keep hearing the word 'crisis', it is not easy to talk about the stable future of general and business aviation.
18.
(The President cut off the speaker)
I am also pleased that existing stocks will not - as originally planned - have to be taken off the market within 12 months, but instead only 30 months after the introduction of a new standard.
Commission representative Mr Deruz made a statement in which he said that the real gamble for the Greek economy was across-the-board privatisation of public property.
There are, however, other concerns.
More than 23% of people under the age of 25 are unemployed and poverty has reached 18% in Portugal; this is also increasingly taking account of poor workers who do not earn enough to escape poverty.
When discussing this Passenger Name Record (PNR) agreement, we all remember what happened in the case of SWIFT; it has already cropped up several times in this debate.
I am aware of the active role Parliament plays, not least in its capacity as budgetary authority.
Indeed, in the Social Fund, we already have some actions for young people for apprenticeships and for traineeships.
Mistakes by the banking community, and by Fortis in particular, meant that we had to help out the banks in order to prevent the system ...
Yet once again, you make no protest when the authorities in Slovakia, a European Union Member State, want to limit the right of minorities to use their own language.
I wish you every success.
We would agree as well - and are pleased to see it there - that we need to be adopting more of a life course approach that deals with the different rhythms and patterns of modern working lives, both positive and negative.
I am also pleased with the compromise reached on aerial spraying.
The introduction of a European marking system for manufactured goods imported from third countries must enable consumers to know exactly which country the goods they buy come from.
For this reason, all reproaches are invalid.
I will come back to that later.
Mr President, I read in the applicable financial regulation that the Secretary-General and High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, assisted by the Deputy Secretary-General, shall have full responsibility for administering the appropriations entered in Section II - Council - of the budget and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that they are properly managed.
I voted in favour of the report on the drafting of the 2012 budget as I believe that, given the difficult economic situation throughout the EU, it has never been so important to ensure the proper performance and quality of the budget expenditure and optimal use of existing EU funding.
I wish you success.
in writing. - (EL) I should like to express my satisfaction with the conclusions of the March Council, because they acknowledge the importance of cohesion policy within the framework of Europe 2020 and thus plug the significant gap which existed in the Commission's initial text, which made no reference at all to cohesion policy.
Europe and Russia are, in fact, interdependent, both economically and politically.
There are many examples that show this, but the crucial thing is that, for the first time in history, it is now possible for high-ranking representatives of a State - civilian or military - to be called to account for having ordered war crimes or crimes against humanity.
It seems to me particularly crucial to include the Internet in any discussions on the enforcement of intellectual property rights, because it is impossible to protect intellectual property on the Internet without cross-border agreements.
I will check it.
(GA) Madam President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for that answer.
I wish to sound a word of warning, which is that this should not lead to the integration of workers that are in a totally illegal situation.
I believe that these are the issues that are critical on the global stage right now, and the EU has to involve itself and play a vital role in all these aspects.
We can now help those people and prevent them from becoming sick in future, and this is an opportunity that we must take.
Consequently, it is evident that the European Parliament must intervene as colegislator to implement the fundamental reforms that have become necessary to stabilise the economic and monetary union.
Nowadays, information must not be allowed to be disguised advertising and, in fact, the emphasis in these reports is no longer on the right of companies to convey information but on the right of patients to access it.
Global warming and the melting of the ice at the North Pole are certainly opening up new opportunities: natural resources, oil, fish, shipping and so on.
I am therefore voting in favour of this resolution of the European Parliament.
Following the ruling by the International Court of Justice that the unilateral declaration of independence by Kosovo did not violate international law, Europe must play an active peacebuilding role.
Another outcome has been the very fast turnover of teaching staff in those schools with a high concentration of migrant children.
This was the thrust of one of the various amendments that we have tabled to the report under discussion.
I believe that we must finally give the citizens of Europe an effective means of ridding themselves of this problem.
The Union's dependence on imports of conventional sources of energy and on a limited number of suppliers represents a serious threat to our security, stability and prosperity.
We should, therefore, strive for harmonisation of Union policy and concentrate on strengthening the character of the strategy as a joint initiative.
We really must act on it.
I am looking forward to this.
It is now on the brink of extinction, and we are demanding stricter protection regulations for many parties to the Convention, in particular to prevent the illegal trade in the body parts and derivatives of the tiger.
We need the various institutions.
The principle of proportionality applies to private as well as international law.
The negotiations over a new agreement are without doubt the best way of putting forward a unified EU position that defends our interests, with the aim of reaching an agreement on the most important areas.
Since then, we have seen numerous international meetings, most notably of the G20, with a strong presence of European Union Member States.
Consumers often purchase cosmetic products on the basis of misleading advertisements or incomplete information so through our European agencies, including now the European Chemicals Agency and the European Office for Food Safety, we must try to draw up the directives and guidelines for monitoring.
The fact is that the European Union is imperfect and incomplete.
I would like to extend my warm thanks to everyone who has worked hard to find solutions to enable pets to be transported across Europe and to ensure that the exceptions in countries where certain diseases are not present could be retained, so that we do not need to be concerned anywhere in Europe that new diseases will be introduced as a result of this proposal.
The Energy Programme for Recovery is extremely important for the future of our European economies.
The EU needs to act now and stop this violence.
This is a first step towards developing more comprehensive environmental accounting since, according to the competent European and national statistics offices, it is only in these areas that data for the whole of Europe is currently available.
For the EU, human rights are universal, and the situation in Tibet is a legitimate concern of the international community.
Supplementing as it does the vote on the President of the Commission, held on 16 September 2009, this vote is an essential part of the democratic legitimacy of the Commission, and hence of the European project as a whole.
Therefore, let us sit down together and find a solution, because unemployment is growing at a painful rate and this is really affecting many people who are already struggling.
The European Council reaffirmed that the future of the Western Balkans lies with the European Union and that the growth and stability of this region is particularly important.
Therefore, we should raise the alarm in every instance of drastic violations in this area.
Let us now be consistent in getting down to this work.
As we saw last April, however, the data may be contradictory and may lead each Member State to take decisions concerning the closure of their air space that are motivated less by information than by emotion.
Please, please ...
It has cleared the ground for very good and important work in the future.
I am calling on the Commission to leave the responsibility for managing and structuring CSR with the DG ENTERPRISE.
It is also an experiment, which - and this is what I am calling for - we must monitor very closely and ensure that the three-year period that has now been laid down for this initiative is actually followed up, and we must consider whether it is actually a proper citizens' initiative or - if I may put it this way - whether it is being used with other interests at heart.
Particular attention must be focused on removing all those difficulties that hamper access to Community funds and discourage people from obtaining EU financial support.
Therefore, I am calling on my fellow Members to support this new intermediate category when it comes to the vote.
(SV) Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Belder for a very good report.
That is not equality, either.
We must encourage the Member States to adopt its guidelines so as to help SMEs at this time of crisis.
It could even have accepted the European Parliament's offer to work very quickly, because the Parliament always shoulders its responsibilities, and we work very quickly if we have to.
We must not forget that the EU is hugely dependent on energy imports and that Member States need to find solutions to make provision for their own energy sources.
Cooperation with our trade partners must not be restricted to purely economic concerns.
With regard to the other specific issues raised in the question tabled, I would like to start with the Scientific Committee on Health and Environmental Risks, which refers to a study conducted by the Joint Research Centre to analyse the methodology used in laboratories to identify traces of heavy metals such as lead in toys.
The vote on the report by Mrs Renate Weber and the report by Mr Peter Skinner will take place today.
The car industry is another growing problem.
On the one hand it would increase energy efficiency, and on the other hand it would provide employment.
Mr President, under Directive 2000/84/EC, summer time begins on the final Sunday in March and ends on the last Sunday in October.
The improvements that we have incorporated regarding the right to information, translation and procedural guarantees have taken into account the fact that this is a recognition instrument, and Parliament has decided that it is a priority for the Member States to put the existing data on the table out in the open.
As an advocate of the right to life, I could not in good conscience vote in favour.
However, I do not agree that the Commission, in giving its opinion on the Court of Auditors' recommendation, is turning this recommendation on its head.
This motion for a resolution, which I already supported in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and which I voted for again today in plenary, carries a clear message on the part of the European Parliament.
Too many people have died in Europe as a result of acts of terrorism to allow a situation of this type.
Crucial issues still unanswered include the composition and time frame of the media authority and of the Media Council, which are politically homogenous and still exert pervasive and centralised governmental, judicial and political control on all media.
(The sitting was suspended at 09.40 and resumed at 10.00.)
Complete disclosure should include not only salaries, but also fees, invitations to dinner, etc. As these measures are a step in the right direction, I have voted for the report.
All of this shows that, at a time of unavoidable reforms, measures to ensure the sustainability of our pension systems must be cross-cutting, taking into account, among other factors, ambitious policies concerning birth rates and balancing work and family life, along with ambitious policies for ensuring that people can enter and remain in employment, or even immigration policies based on integration, which also guarantee the sustainability of our pensions from a demographic point of view.
Their role is becoming clearer by the day.
To our Cypriot colleagues we understand the pain of injustice you feel.
I myself am ready to make a commitment.
I am also full of admiration for the Hungarian ambassador, who really did all she could, as did Mr Dalli, in fact.
In the present circumstances, they will be a political test for all political stakeholders.
It is therefore important that associations, including the Italian Epilepsy Association, dedicated to increase awareness of such a serious condition about which there is still much ignorance, a lack of clear information and regarding which many extremely delicate aspects remain unknown, should organise meeting opportunities over this period.
Reflection is ongoing regarding the support for technological development.
This situation is accelerating the scramble for Africa, a continent that is immensely rich in natural resources.
(DE) Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, Vice-President of the Commission, I am very sorry that those who, during the first referendum, spread lies during the Irish campaign now have to admit that the parliaments of 26 countries have ratified the treaty, that Ireland has ratified the treaty in a referendum and that so far, all decisions by the constitutional courts regarding the Treaty of Lisbon have been positive.
This is a problem that could become prevalent across the EU.
In the light of the specific examples you have mentioned here and the cases of abuse uncovered by the Commission, it may be possible to broaden the scope of the directive beyond the relationship between fraudulent companies and citizens in the revision which is due to take place next year.
Increase a man's prosperity and give him purpose and you will reduce his desire to kill or be killed.
I voted for this report on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
I would like to highlight the need for investment in modernising companies from the heavy industry sector so that they can reduce their level of pollution in the future.
Unfortunately, though, that kind of model of integration - a free-market, decentralised, organic one - is not what we have been voting on in our series of reports today.
I therefore do not think there is any point in you waiting any longer.
I am afraid that this is a true story about 2012's budget.
I believe that is one problem that needs to be resolved, first and foremost, followed by the European Union's cynical exploitation of human rights, and our foreign and neighbourhood policies, which require a comprehensive overhaul in light of the upheavals in north Africa.
I agree on this point with the rapporteur, who expresses the view that sugar beet is the best alternative to milk production, in terms of both economic efficiency and environmental protection. I wish to emphasise that sending the maximum volumes of sugar beet to Europe must still be encouraged.
We support the efforts being made, for example, the UNIDOC cooperation and technical assistance.
As our fellow Member, Mr Goerens, who has been so kind as to approach me on this occasion, has just said, one can have the right not to live under Sharia law.
A country that we do not have under control cannot be turned into a democracy and whatever else from the centre if that country has never had a centralised form of government.
I think that it is in this context that your message will be understood best.
(ES) Mr President, this debate is very necessary given the recent serious events that are affecting the religious freedom and even the lives of Christians.
This includes in particular presenting a proposal to amend this provision when necessary.
This prohibits the use of human embryos or foetal cells as an alternative to the use of animals in this directive, though there is little consolation for me that the amendment leaves the ethical decisions to the Member State, as the Irish Government and courts have consistently refused to protect embryos and I have been assured that in Ireland we also import aborted foetal cells for research.
The EIB is now freeing up space and volume for credits: EUR 30 billion for SMEs, EUR 1 billion a year more for medium-sized corporations, and an additional EUR 1 billion for mezzanine financing.
We want to combat terrorism with all legal means; we do not want to combat terrorism by infringing human rights and international law.
I believe that it is appropriate for us to reiterate this request for abolition, backed up by the request to comply with international norms for legal fairness, especially as foreigners are victims of abuses.
If the past is dead, then there is no sense in leading a life guided by norms and values.
This will save the public purse billions and spare the patients the adverse reactions and interactions.
(FI) Mr President, Taiwan met with human disaster on a huge scale on 8 August.
Those who have voted for this resolution are concerned rather to urge Turkey to 'support and actively contribute to the implementation of EU policies and measures in the region', particularly in the area of energy, highlighting its 'constructive engagement' in NATO operations in Afghanistan and the Balkans, along with the renewal of 'close ties with Israel'.
We are agreed that free trade agreements and trade agreements should not be limited to trade, but also have other objectives that ultimately benefit us all.
And now some words on the visa agreement with Russia.
In relation to the fact that the effects of the rise in food prices have been felt most by groups that are in a difficult social situation, Europe, together with third countries and international institutions, should take the following action without delay.
With this proposal, Parliament wishes to contribute to the implementation of this programme.
The Libyan gate mainly affects Malta and Italy.
Furthermore, I would be very pleased if, contrary to custom, the Council and the Parliament did not amend the Commission's proposal at cross-purposes, but if the three institutions could work together to overcome the crisis.
I will preside over this debate myself.
4.
This method guarantees the involvement of all Member States, and Community institutions, in the decision-making processes, and this from the very beginning.
(The President asked the speaker to conclude)
What is more, the freedom of the press in Turkey is under severe pressure.
Moreover, it fails to mention the social reasons that lead to early school drop-out, to a lack of access to higher education opportunities and to youth unemployment, just so as to mask the responsibility of the neoliberal policies promoted by large companies and financial institutions.
It is necessary right at the planning stage - for example, when constructing a kindergarten, creating a day-care facility or developing public transport - to identify new approaches and to involve women of all generations in the decision making.
It would therefore be desirable to review the ban on the use of animal meal for non-ruminants, in line with the opinion of the European Scientific Veterinary Committee.
Pension systems fall under the competence of the Member States.
The European People's Party (Christian Democrats) is very attached to secular principles and is in favour of respect being shown for all religions in Europe, including Islam.
This does not seem to me to be an ideal neighbourhood.
We must shoulder our responsibilities in this matter.
This is the solidarity which we now need internally, so that this freedom can be achieved together with social justice.
For a long time, the situation in this region has caused tension between the countries of the Arctic territory and this tension will increase even more as this region becomes increasingly more accessible.
Let me finish with a point related to priorities and how we move forward.
As the Treaty of Lisbon has increased the range of Parliament's powers with respect to the conclusion of international agreements, it is necessary, in the process of redefining its status, to offer new forms of legal framework for its action.
Mr President, our assessment leads to a clear conclusion: that we should use our channels to convey a firm and prompt reaction.
The idea suggested by Mrs Jiménez-Becerril Barrio of making victims more visible in the Union should have the unconditional support of this House.
That is what the voters expect of us.
Finally, I shall take advantage of this debate to inform Parliament that as part of the first European SME Week, more than 1 200 national, regional and local events will be held, concerning a wide range of issues affecting this sector.
This Convention is one of the UN's nine main instruments on human rights.
You will probably be 65 then and I will be a year older than that.
Mr President, it is very disturbing to see an increase in the incidence of vicious and violent attacks on Christians and their communities.
The implementation of the revised Accession Partnership is also important in preparing for further integration within the European Union.
We feel able to support most of what is contained in the report, although there are also several things that we do not fully support.
On the other hand, controlling the process would be rather difficult.
I am very grateful to the rapporteur, Mrs Podimata, for producing, in a short period of time, the report on a highly complex proposal, giving the opportunity for a second-reading agreement, when the Council will really enter into the discussion.
In fact, it is necessary to genuinely enforce the administration of public matters at multiple levels to solve the problems facing the territory, regardless of the existing administrative barriers.
The question is this: will the European Asylum Support Office have anything to do with this mechanism and, via this mechanism, with the evaluation carried out?
The two leaders on Cyprus are facing a historical opportunity to agree a solution that will reunite the island that has been divided for far too long.
I am grateful for this debate.
The Audy report makes suggestions as to how this could be improved.
Meanwhile, the so-called 'permanent rescue package' for the euro is nothing other than an assault on the net contributors, who will have to dig even deeper into their pockets in future.
This week, I will sign five financial agreements for a total amount of more than EUR 200 million and I will also inaugurate some of the work we have already done like the rehabilitation of the road between Port-au-Prince and Cape Haitian, which is fully in line with the plan of action of the government and which also supports the 'whole-of-the-island' approach.
At the same time, I was glad that Parliament was almost unanimously happy to keep the budget at least at the same level as it is now.
Regarding the last of these, we have actually made a concession to the road transport sector by saying that countries wanting their systems to cover congestion should make a link with passenger cars.
Therefore, I welcome the initiative and adoption of this report, which I strongly support, in the hope that the recommendations just adopted by the European Parliament will be accepted by the Commission, the Council and our neighbours to the east with whom we share administration of the Black Sea, namely, those relating to frozen conflicts, to closed borders and/or ineffective borders controls, to the transportation of energy, and to security and defence.
It should also be noted that greater access to information both in electronic form, available over the Internet, and in printed form can also contribute to the achievement of better medical results, because a patient who is informed about prescribed medicines is one who can play an active and more knowledgeable role in the therapeutic recovery process.
The French authorities also submitted an application to mobilise the fund following storm Xynthia.
GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world (
Naturally, much stricter and higher standards of protection need to be applied in the case of domestic appliances than in the case of technologies such as those that are uninstalled, recycled, etc. by specialist personnel.
I just think that it is important that the EU should have a policy on this.
However, at this stage, when a decision is being taken, the best solution was to coordinate ourselves in advance on the basis of developments on the international stage, in order not to affect the competitiveness of the European markets.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this resolution and supported a pragmatic approach towards Afghanistan and the new counter-insurgency policy which is geared to protecting the local population and rebuilding areas where security has been ensured.
It would have been better if the negotiations with the US could have taken place on the basis of the Treaty of Lisbon.
What is key here is that the plan must provide stranded passengers with not just safety, of course, but information and help, as well, so that those who are affected, at the very least, have someone they can turn to and are guaranteed shelter.
If we go down this route, then the entire issue will simply be put on the long finger indefinitely.
I would, however, like a clearer answer, Commissioner.
We support all measures designed to eliminate difficulties in achieving this objective: facilitating access to documents, reducing the costs of legal procedures and reversing the burden of proof.
Your Presidency was a great success.
(PL) I would like to draw attention to the fact that we were alarmed last week by the situation, or by the information, that Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has asked the European Commission to settle the debt owed to Gazprom by Ukraine.
Rather, it strengthens their particular national identity and brings our European culture together so that we may be a more effective ambassador in the world.
The number of suicides is rising.
What we should be doing, in politically realistic terms, is marshalling all of the Union's powers to exert influence on China, India and Russia to add their political weight to the pressure on the Burmese government to improve the human rights situation in this country.
It is estimated that the global extinction rate is between 100 and 1 000 times higher than the usual natural rate, and human agency is chiefly responsible.
That is the kind of risk we run if we do not get this right, so we must be vigilant.
We are currently awaiting the Commission proposal.
We know also that women in Pakistan face domestic abuse, including physical and psychological abuse.
In future, we must strengthen and make greater use of the economic aspects of woodlands and we must take national and personal responsibility for this.
The chairs of several committees of the European Parliament played a leading role in this work.
Besides control and sanctions, education and awareness are areas to which the Commission will give strong emphasis.
It is an opportunity to turn up this pressure and we should really seize it to achieve a good regulation about which our citizens say: yes, we can certainly live with that - that is the sort of thing we expect of our representatives in Parliament.
If there is one lesson to be learnt from this crisis, it is the absence of world governance (absence of a world State).
It is not enough to carry out social impact assessments of European legislation.
Around 8% travel by bus and coach.
• independent representation of the EU at all international organisations, independently of its Member States, as provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon;
Another million will be recalled from the Canadian market.
However, over the last ten years an unprecedented desire to emulate has come over EU legislators.
Last but not least, the economic crisis also had a role to play in the electoral success.
social, cultural, civil and political rights on an equal footing.
In order to remain consistent with the policy objectives that our institution has set itself, I sincerely hope that we will be able to endorse this compromise that is being proposed to us at second reading and thus pave the way for a more sustainable transport policy.
The national, regional and local authorities joined efforts so that life on the island could go back to normal.
The remaining votes were shared between the three opposition parties.
This is highlighted by this resolution.
Has the Commission adopted economic, medico-pharmaceutical and humanitarian aid measures following the crisis in North Africa?
Not because this country is rich in gas, but simply because only the promotion of links with the outside world can bring about democratic change.
That is what we are discussing: who has to bear the responsibility and the cost of having children, who must also be our future?
author. - Madam President, I just want to comment on two matters raised in the debate so far.
This will require perseverance and sustained effort.
The European Union is called on to speed up the progress of the global fight against poverty and hunger; in developing countries this concerns the provision of the very basics of life.
Furthermore, our assessments of the impact of the disaster must be based on information and expertise provided by specialists and experts, and we must view new means of producing electricity from a scientific perspective.
We also saw the huge progress which has been made by the government of Prime Minister Filat on the road to European integration and the many reforms, including significant progress in the fight against corruption which had previously been eating away at the country.
What we need are fair, accessible and effective procedures, and this will remain my goal and that of my political group in this debate in any event.
in writing. - (FI) The different policies Member States have when it comes to ethical questions gave rise in the political groups, and especially in our own, to just the kind of wide-ranging debate we might have foreseen.
Facing oil challenges (
By virtue of its history and cultural identity, not to mention its importance in the global economy, the European Union must act as an example and encourage aid for the Haitians and the reconstruction of one of the poorest countries on earth.
(LT) Mr President, Commissioner, thank you very much for your answer.
Certain Members have said, probably based on their experience, that this is a promise, a commitment, which has been broken repeatedly in this House.
Parliament submitted numerous proposals to the Council until we felt that we had reached the end of our tether.
8.
As soon as the Commission submits its draft regulation - we would like to thank the Commission, and I must say especially President Barroso and Vice-President Šefčovič, for the concern with which they have prioritised this issue in the Commission's work schedule; we are also grateful that it will take place imminently and very speedily, as Mr Šefčovič will be telling us shortly - we shall have a text that enables us, together with the Council and Parliament, to set in motion what European citizens are undoubtedly hoping for, before this six months are up.
I think that Joost Lagendijk, rightly, said this.
The Court must have a greater role, the Court must be credible, so that the European institutions will be credible in the eyes of the taxpayers and voters.
It is indeed now time to step up efforts in order to meet the benchmarks which have been set for the opening of accession negotiations.
'There are certain things in this life for me which cannot be bought or sold.
(ES) Mr President, last week, three Basque tuna boats from Bermeo were threatened once again by Somalian pirates.
Out of curiosity, why do you always sit next to the Council?
The ballot is secret.
The Commission is looking forward to working with Parliament along the lines of the report, and will report back on the progress made.
The answer is to strengthen the application of intellectual property rights at global level.
We need to introduce a fixed requirement for every vessel, whether new or rebuilt, to undergo a seaworthiness test.
For Administrative and other expenditure, the Court gives an unqualified opinion as in previous years.
As was demonstrated in this report, in spite of the limited information available, there are positive developments at a European level, as evidenced by the creation of the Council's Working Party on Humanitarian Aid and Food Aid.
These are Nea Dimokratia proposals, which the government has been unable to implement for 18 months now.
Now the question is how to implement it without losing time.
The next item is the Commission statement on the situation in Albania.
However, we believe that the report should have gone further in attributing responsibility to the EU's agricultural policies and governments, such as those in Portugal, because it is these policies that have encouraged over-exploitation of soil and water and caused environmental damage.
Madam President, I agree with all contributors that public health, food safety and hygiene have to be at the top of all our agendas.
In some areas, there has even been some progress compared with 2007.
(PL) Madam President, the last but of course not the only gas supply crisis means that we keep coming back to the matter of security of supply of this very important resource.
I suppose, driving all of this, we need to look at the issue of research and development.
Two thirds of the total workforce in the private sector are employed by SMEs.
Rosé wines and permitted oenological practices (debate)
Recently, we have noticed cautious indications of a recovery in the economy.
That is why it is vital that the European Union should continue to raise these issues.
First, I must say that I very much appreciate the hard work undertaken by Parliament on the examination of the proposal for a directive on patients' rights in cross-border health care which will shortly be submitted to your vote.
I voted in favour of this report.
The crisis has demonstrated that some things can happen extremely quickly.
(PL) Mr President, it goes without saying that I would like to add to the words of congratulation and the compliments regarding what happened during the Belgian Presidency.
Chapter 23 has throughout been the subject of the special attention of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE).
But let me highlight one thing in particular: deployment of European and international security forces may not guarantee a ceasefire in the short term.
It is important that the policy review give priority to the criteria of an independent judiciary, respect for basic freedoms, including freedom of the media and the fight against corruption, but it is also necessary to reconsider and to examine carefully the EU's Mediterranean strategy in order to strengthen political dialogue and to support all democratic and social forces.
Critical comments from Canadian professors of law and also from Harvard indicate that the planned agreement could amount to a complete revision of Canadian copyright, patent and trademark law.
(PL) Mr President, I asked for the floor in order to refer to the mission to Afghanistan.
in writing. - I support this report, which makes a number of important proposals to tackle the demographic challenges we face in a spirit of solidarity between generations.
That is why this evening, at the end of this debate, the European Commission is renewing its desire to press ahead with origin labelling.
On the one hand, it has been pointed out that such subsidies distort competition in the international market while, on the other, it has been stressed that it is essential to fight rising unemployment and that State aid certainly serves this end.
As we have just seen in the debate on Ireland, certain countries must not be allowed to set lower tax rates in order to attract businesses and then, when they get into financial difficulties, to call on other countries to finance their budget deficits, if I can put this in such a simplistic way.
However, we should welcome it, not so much because of the funding allocation, but for what it means in political and budgetary terms: it means, firstly, an acknowledgement that the current financial framework that we adopted for the 2007-2013 period does not have appropriate instruments with which to tackle a situation of economic crisis.
We must acknowledge that the austerity policy that has been practiced so far has not been successful anywhere.
There is a great need for the latter, but the two cannot be connected right now.
Commissioner, I value your enthusiasm, but I believe that communicating with citizens is extremely important.
Compensation payments for farmers are vital in order to help producers of agricultural products who have suffered damages through no fault of their own.
The Solidarity Fund is the instrument which normally responds to these situations, but it does so after a very, very long period, from nine months to a year, and this is after a disaster.
Victims, however, may move from one Member State to another for many reasons, not least to escape crime.
in writing. - I am delighted that Parliament gave overwhelming support to my recommendation that we consent to the EU-Pacific interim EPA.
Today, our Parliament is paying special attention to the current situation by adopting a resolution only on Ashraf.
Madam President, I wonder if the honourable Member would agree that we are losing unique forms of life on this planet each and every day and that there is a need for international action to try and counter that?
To my mind, in the last two years this prize has been awarded to candidates who were not the best.
This shows that poverty is spreading, and the effectiveness of activities undertaken so far is barely perceptible.
Yet the Sri Lankan army, he says, have been bombing by air and artillery fire, killing on average 30 to 40 civilians on a daily basis.
We would argue that there is a potential saving and we therefore support - indeed we are ourselves suggesting this - reductions in some budgetary items.
Some of the EU-level employment guidelines entail increasing participation in the labour market, including that of specific population sub-groups, reducing structural unemployment and promoting the quality of jobs, developing a well-qualified workforce which will meet the labour market's needs and improving the performance of education systems which will provide vocational training at every level.
It is still well worth clinching a deal, both for the economic gains and in the interests of furthering the WTO.
If they fail to establish transparent relations, it will still be possible to play off Member States against one another in the future as they continue to pay different prices for gas supplies.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to welcome to the table Parliament's opinion and strongly support its adoption, because I see that this positive vote will be an important moment in the establishment of the EAS and it will be a clear important signal that the new service is receiving the democratic endorsement of this Chamber.
Amendment of Regulation (EC) No 1927/2006 establishing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (
I have supported the aim of EU membership for the Western Balkan countries for the last decade, including when I was the Vice-Chair of the Balkans Delegation.
Our legitimate desire to see a world and continent rid of nuclear weapons must be matched with proof of a responsible and mature understanding of the realities around us.
2.
On the other hand, there is a great humanitarian problem, and I think that the European Union must get involved in this on a major scale. Otherwise, we will be faced with a disaster which will fuel the instability in the region.
In our opinion, at least, this should be included.
Thus, here, too, it is a question of environmental responsibility.
The prospect of joining the European Union is the main factor guaranteeing stability and the continuation of the reform process in the Western Balkans, including the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
As a result, there has been a decrease in loans granted to small and medium-sized enterprises and consumers and the anticipated reduction in consumer borrowing rates has not come about.
I voted in favour of this report because, having stated the necessary premises, it calls on Member States to commit themselves actively to its implementation, emphasising the sectors that must be treated as a priority, namely, civil aspects, mutual recognition of official documents and judgments, a common framework of reference, debtors' assets and common judicial training
That is why the recent criticism concerning the education of Hungarian minorities in neighbouring countries by President Sólyom, a man who looks on complacently and passively while his administration stifles the ethnic minorities in his own country, can only be described as an obnoxious, hypocritical and malicious provocation of the Serbs, Romanians and Slovaks who, in contrast to the Hungarians, genuinely look after the ethnic minorities on their own territories.
Our policy will succeed only if we are able to work together with all the states of this region, helping with understanding where necessary.
That is a shame!
The reservations about climate protection on the part of the Directorate-General for Regional Policy have prevented our amendments receiving majority support in committee.
I would immediately stress the importance of including the European Semester in this legislative text, so as to gradually provide an effective platform for joint political discussion of the budgetary policies adopted by all the Member States, which will favour a robust and balanced economic union.
As I said, this will be next Thursday at our summit meeting with an early dinner to meet all your requests for as quick a process as possible.
It is a failure of our diplomacy in Africa that any African government still has any regard for Mugabe.
I voted in favour of this decision, because it is my deep conviction that citizens have the right to know how the money they pay in taxes is spent and how the institutions and political bodies use the powers they are given.
I would therefore like to encourage you to put forward a strong package which will improve the macro-economic conditions in these countries in the euro area.
The African Union has, as you know, a pivotal role to play, not least through AMISOM, which is the African Union force providing security for the transitional federal government in Mogadishu.
She was re-arrested at the end of the year.
This is an emergency, but the negotiations are at a virtual standstill.
Point five: the question of energy cooperation will be addressed at the summit.
We need EUR 5 to 7 billion straight away.
Do we really need to construct something which is not Europeanness, but merely the Europeism I mentioned earlier?
The difference in price is not minimal but unbelievable.
We can either say 'yes' or 'no'.
Go back and look at the report.
(DE) Madam President, I would like to offer my very sincere thanks to the Court of Auditors.
Finally, discharge cannot be a time for discussing detailed policy requiring broad consensus, in particular revision of the Treaties.
By acting together in a coordinated way, we will have the necessary weight to be successful on the global stage as well.
- The joint debate is closed.
In that case, ladies and gentlemen, it is necessary to be in favour of the Treaty of Lisbon, because the Treaty of Lisbon establishes, for the first time, an exit clause.
We should work towards improving the visibility, effectiveness and delivery of the Social Fund.
If our experience since 1994 can show us anything, it is that first of all we must ensure that all social policy is predicated on the basis of delivering results for people - not just merely massaging figures, but actually making people's lives better.
Will this development help to protect our economies from the effects of the global economic crisis, as the Commission is claiming it will?
Delivery, delivery, delivery: that is what European citizens want, and for that reason alone they are ready, I believe, or they could be, to look on our institutions with a more friendly eye.
It also undermines the possibility that we might later reach an agreement with the US - a framework agreement on data protection, for which Mr Albrecht is the rapporteur.
That justifies continuing public intervention for butter and powdered milk.
Reconciliation is imperative.
I voted for the draft directive on standards of quality and safety of human organs intended for transplantation.
However, this is a country that is a not insignificant partner within the European Union's Eastern Partnership.
Ultimately, our diplomacy must respond to each violation of the right to religious freedom.
When that crisis occurred, we saw that some countries that were not affected by it could not help the countries that were affected, because the interconnections did not exist.
We are also working with Chief Prosecutor Brammertz on other projects including a regional conference for war crime prosecutors from the Western Balkans.
It is unacceptable that they, the victims, should have to leave their homes, taking their children out of the family environment, while the aggressors remain at home.
Adoption of this regulation is a necessity and a matter of urgency.
We need answers on where we go on this crucial issue.
Thus, for example, according to Eurostat data, the number of women in precarious employment - that is, women working part-time - has increased significantly, reaching 31.4%, while the figure for men is 8.3%.
In addition, it is always sensible to only lay down statutory rules once there is at least a minimum of experience and that is not something that we have enough of at present when it comes to resource efficiency for standard consumer products.
On 6 April, the European Commission will present its Communication on Roma inclusion.
I have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 110(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
For this reason the European Parliament has placed the consumer at the centre of its third energy package.
Plenty of regions are still lagging behind - for reasons that include the financial crisis - and cultural and creative projects will certainly help towards creating jobs and making these regions competitive.
Thank you very much.
Competition with third countries, along with the financial and economic crisis ravaging the whole of Europe, is a crucial factor in what has been happening, making it clear that solutions need to be sought to people's immediate problems: their reintegration into the labour market, and their medium- and long-term subsistence.
(FR) Finally, with regard to the social aspects, I should like to emphasise all the same that, although Europe does not really have very extensive competence in this area, Belgium's ambition is to take full account of the consequences of the financial, economic and social crisis.
This ban, which should affect 20 to 40% of wood imported into Europe, will, in fact, enable a genuine advance to be made in the fight against deforestation.
Free Europe's farmers and give consumers and the market a chance.
However, pesticides can only be used without close monitoring of both their quantity and quality if a reliable database is available.
Could the Commissioner comment, please?
For this reason, I believe that the European Union must now evaluate the current social situation, and, if necessary, increase the funds for implementing the initiatives needed to combat poverty.
This report contains both helpful and also problematic initiatives.
Inequality between women and men in the labour market is reflected in the fact that women still get 80 cents for every euro that men get doing the same job.
The timing of the report is particularly fortuitous because discussions are currently under way about the future of the common agricultural policy, the post-2014 budget is being planned, and many are keen on curtailing the budget of the common agricultural policy.
5.
As luck would have it, we did not need to vote against the resolution, as the amending resolution from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance was approved.
In accordance with the Community legislation in place, nationals of third countries who hold a long-stay visa (a visa for a stay in excess of three months) are not authorised to travel to other Member States during their stay or to travel through other Member States when they return to their country of origin, since there is no provision for this in the Schengen Convention.
Most of these businesses will be unable to sustain higher costs.
It is also due to the work begun in 1986 with the creation of the regional transplant coordination system: another example of how the regions can make their contribution to Europe.
Criteria such as employment will therefore be taken into account when we define the ceilings for agricultural income aid.
I will try to enlighten you a little bit on this.
Protection of this type accordingly helps goods produced in the European Union to be more competitive with goods from third countries.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Madam President, I would like to thank Mrs Stihler for her hard work.
We must not allow this agreement in principle to be lost.
As a matter of fact, the preamble to the 1957 Treaty of Rome is the common thread in our role as European elected representatives.
However, irrespective of the Goldstone report, there is currently no reason to continue the siege on Gaza.
The starting point for this should be the ideas on sustainable development in the UN's Millennium Development Goals Report.
And why now?
Two years have passed since we adopted a directive on nuclear safety and since then increased attention has been paid to the safe operation of nuclear power plants.
(PT) Mr President, in this debate on the specific measures for agriculture in the outermost regions, I would like to start by complimenting the rapporteur and everyone who has worked on this subject.
These issues concern, in particular, the fight against corruption and organised crime, the lack of biometric passports, and immigration and border controls.
Concerning the ICC, this Parliament has already received the Prosecutor, Mr Moreno-Ocampo, and the President of the Court, Mr Song.
A small number of families were deeply affected by it, not enough for anyone to notice, but they will suffer serious consequences.
The problems, really, are not so much what we lay down in the SET plan, but how the assorted funds for research, innovation and the money from the SET plan, the issue of demonstration facilities, the issue of the transposal of European directives at national level - how all of this interacts.
Japan is faced with an intensive task of restoring its devastated territories, which will require significant resources, including inward investment.
I want to see an EU with a humane asylum and immigration policy that protects immigrants and their rights.
We will be working hard on that.
For instance, he describes how there is a need for incentive systems in order to give transport a more environmentally friendly form, and he also states that new sources of funding are needed, including, for example, in order to be able to work according to the 'polluter pays' principle. The Eurovignette Directive that we are debating today is one way that both of these points really can be achieved.
(GA) I wish you the very best of luck tomorrow.
Having to follow several different regulatory procedures can sometimes lead to confusing results and put off investors - take, for example, Nabucco.
In my opinion, the European Parliament already gives sufficient support to the idea that the Union and Iran should have a stable Afghanistan as a common goal in paragraph 55.
For the remaining period under the current long-term budget, there is EUR 171 million in the national envelope for Italy.
The treaty has given Mrs Ashton many powers to do this.
We will soon have to talk about this again and also about Eurobonds.
That is why the recommendation on the creation of a committee of wise persons to study all the differences and similarities in the law needs to be implemented, so that we have specific expert recommendations on the convergence of our laws and mutual trust in judicial systems.
It is one of the most difficult jobs in the European Union that he has to do.
President of the Commission. - Absolutely not.
I also take the view that harmonisation would lead to lower-quality asylum policy in countries where this policy is relatively well regulated at present, as Member States would use this standardisation to seek out the lowest possible level.
I feel this report goes a long way to promoting better cooperation between regions in different Member States, which will only have a positive effect in achieving the aims of cohesion policy across the EU and ensuring that all European Union regions develop harmoniously.
As far as the simplifications contained in this report are concerned, I am convinced that they are a very good thing.
The compromise sends a strong signal to the Member States that things like the French HADOPI law or the Mandelson method in the UK are simply not acceptable.
We waste a tremendous amount of energy every year.
Secondly, I would like to emphasise the question of human rights in the development of EU external policy.
Thursday, 6 May 2010:
This is why the actors present in the region need to engage in wide-reaching concerted action.
It remains their choice to do so or not.
- (CS) Mr President, I would like to explain why I refrained from voting on the Hutchinson report.
I think that is quite acceptable.
In my opinion, many misunderstandings arise from the fact that we, as policy makers, do not have the time - and I apologise if this does not apply to you - to read those 1200 or 1500 pages.
It must also encourage better organisation within the sectors.
Children are violated by being forced to pose in sexual contexts, photographed or filmed and posted on the Internet.
We must give this our clear support.
The European citizens' initiative is one of the most interesting innovations set out in the Treaty of Lisbon.
Another concern for me are the amendments which were passed in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development calling for the reintroduction of the marketing standards of fruit and vegetables, which some MEPs are desperately trying to get back on the table.
Our vote tomorrow will, in fact, be the first stage in the introduction of this regulation, which dates from 2005, and which the European Parliament has always supported and called for.
Naturally, the lower costs will also benefit consumers.
We also know that young people in these regions find it most difficult to put up with isolation from a prosperous EU.
The proposal referred to Parliament for a directive regarding the possible provision of a unified procedure for the 27 States of the Union in granting the right of asylum is an important step, but the delicacy of the issue requires careful and thorough reflection.
We cannot permit the creation of new spheres of influence in Europe.
No, it was clear and I am not going back now.
All information about him is available on the website.
Baroness Ashton, you have an important role; please fulfil it to the utmost, in the knowledge that the time available is quickly running out.
I am pleased to find such sentiments in a constitution.
In this regard, moreover, a recent study, which has just been published in France, reveals the considerable socio-economic costs resulting from this disease: more than EUR 10 million a month for the medical care and supervision of patients alone.
We think we should be involved in the process which was always requested by this House.
The mission concluded that the elections had taken place in a pluralistic environment, that a distinct political choice had been on offer for the voters and that a number of international standards for democratic elections had been met.
The EU should demonstrate that it is united and set an example of leadership, especially by helping developing countries, which will face costs of about EUR 100 billion per year from 2020 in order to adapt to the impacts of climate change and reduce their emissions.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, there is a need to rebuild the sarcophagus, but we see how difficult it is to gather the financial resources: how difficult it is to get the financial resources from those European Member States that are, at the same time, worrying very much about nuclear safety.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see Minutes
These views will be taken into account as far as possible, taking into account the realities and specificities of this particular negotiation.
It is not supported by practice on the ground.
It is regrettable that measures began to be adopted too late, 11 months after the first redundancies.
After this disappointment, it is important to regain the initiative.
Investing in educational and cultural programmes ...
Our aim was not to discredit or run down the region.
We need to be able to supply very rapidly an emergency infrastructure.
It is also necessary to make every effort to ensure that the coming elections are held in a way which does not attract criticism and which is in accord with democratic standards.
The introduction of an Anglo-Franco-German European patent is unacceptable for at least two reasons.
For all their diversity, Europeans share a great number of strong values, such as respect for human rights, democracy and the rule of law, which must be extended to the international stage.
The idea that it is possible, or desirable, to isolate and protect an economic sector from competition, where this competition is healthy and fair, is an economic error and a political deception.
I would like to thank you all.
To those who argue that this is a political problem: concerning speaking with one voice, I can tell you from all my experience that of course it is a political problem.
This directive does not strike the right balance.
In this respect, the idea that simple and practical gestures, which are not particularly elaborate or even particularly expensive, might be sufficient to save many lives is extremely disturbing.
The Court of Auditors stated in its report that the annual accounts of the European Aviation Safety Agency for the financial year 2008 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
If I had been in favour of the 'no' campaign in the Irish referendum, I would have enthusiastically applauded the Catania report and its supporters.
It is particularly alarming that, if upheld, this verdict would bar Sam Rainsy from standing in the 2013 parliamentary elections and have consequences far beyond Rainsy's case, as it is bound to affect the opposition as such.
Volunteering provides many occasions for non-formal education and deserves to be adequately recognised.
This situation is unacceptable.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the SESAR Joint Undertaking because that recently formed undertaking has convinced the Court of Auditors of its reliability.
We support the introduction of measures against offshore financial activities which allow very high-earners to switch their businesses to these tax havens, without paying any tax, while the majority of EU citizens are paying taxes and losing their jobs.
Spain is the Member State with the greatest diversification of supply, both in terms of the number of countries - our gas is imported from 10 different countries - as well as in the range of formats.
In the absence of that, and I know it is not going to happen in the near future, I think we need proper realistic enforcement of what we have at the moment, the regulation, and I urge the Commission to use all the agencies across Europe - police forces on motorways if necessary - to stop and check lorries to see whether they are carrying out the full requirements of this legislation.
It is a land that has demonstrated its support many times and it will be able to appreciate the support shown by the European Parliament today.
Better regulation must be something that the European institutions increasingly strive for, and the Commission is completely unanimous in wanting to focus on ever better European regulation.
I voted in favour of this report.
European political correctness cannot bear the fact that there is a country in which conservatism is triumphing, that there is a country in Europe where national interests are being effectively protected, and that there is a country in Europe which is returning to real values.
To achieve it in accordance with the Treaty, the Member States must not be prevented from adopting measures that increase consumer protection.
At a time of serious economic crisis like the present, it seems unreasonable and masochistic to make the conclusion of anti-dumping procedures complicated and perhaps impractical.
What is at stake now is whether Member States can move beyond the policies based hitherto on separate deals.
The results of the many discussions held over the past half-year and the conclusions of the European Councils show that the twenty-seven Member States passed this test with flying colours.
By voting, the two arms of the budgetary authority demonstrate a sense of responsibility in avoiding a budgetary crisis at a time when Europe is facing severe challenges and when we face financial instability in several Member States.
Nevertheless, the Council is now in a position to ensure that this work is finalised on time.
This is why these issues should be investigated in their overall context.
I hope you will take my questions not as provocation but as an aid to reflection.
It is these improvements which, hopefully, this House will adopt tomorrow and which, let us hope, the other institutions will take into account.
She has a very difficult job to do in these circumstances where the ambitions are set out in the 2020 strategy, and there are few who would disagree with the need to finance a range of different projects.
This principle is stated in the treaties, on websites and is happily cited often and in many places.
Recently I have had UKIP e-mails telling me that the heir to the British throne is better known as 'Big Ears'.
We also call on the Malaysian Government to ratify the Protocol to the United Nations Convention on Torture, as well as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Signatures on paper but also through the Internet.
On the one hand, being a global partner, we see Russia as a real partner, as I said before.
Honourable Members, what I saw was the tragedy of an unnecessary devastation and I pay tribute to the honourable Members who have put forward this resolution and promise to do my best to support its implementation.
Effective reforms also have to look very closely at non-bank financial institutions and at the set-up and functioning of financial markets.
Keep up the good work.
She had been rejected not on grounds of intellectual ability, but because she has a disability.
3.
There is also a remit for everyone here in Parliament to look after the wellbeing of the people of the European Union, and to do so in every respect.
If you can bring this about, you will have our full support.
We are looking at an integrated strategy to make the European innovation ecosystem more effective and productive in the service of a sustainable economy.
On behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, I would like to thank Mrs Jędrzejewska for her expert management of the vote on the budget.
Through the sharing of literature, film, music and heritage, doors of understanding are opened and bridges between people are built.
When it comes to the Google Books settlement, the Commission has been actively engaged in consultations with European publishers and with Google.
You have a maximum of three minutes please.
Madam President, I will endorse every proposal to increase Union funds for supporting energy projects.
In Europe we aim for energy security and environmentally friendly, stable energy production.
With farmers having to comply with more and more rules on traceability, hygiene, animal welfare and respect for the environment, their production costs are now spiralling out of control: fuel, fertilisers and, above all, cereals, currently amount to 60% of the total cost.
I therefore believe that a European strategy for the protection of the children's interests in the area of international adoption procedures is necessary in order to avoid and prevent abduction and the sale and trafficking of human beings.
I am afraid that in the world in which we live - whether it is in the Member State we know best or in other Member States - there has always been a predisposition to concentrate maybe overly on the negativity of the economic downturn.
Mr President, the problem with speaking after Mr Heaton Harris is that he has made many of the same points I wanted to make on this issue.
I am disappointed that the amendments were not accepted.
It is a crying shame that the fund, one of our instruments to confront the crisis, is not pointing the way forward.
This is essential for Parliament, and I believe that it is essential for this mechanism.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, many of the European Union's main economic and trading partners have, for some considerable time, been applying domestic rules requiring indication of origin for imported goods.
We have a question which we will want to ask during the hearing of the Commissioners: were the measures envisaged properly envisaged, and were the declarations which were made correct and are they still valid?
It is a European problem.
Inequalities in the European healthcare system also cause medical staff to emigrate to other Member States to practise their profession.
One such piece of advice would be to open the files of the repressive communist system in Yugoslavia.
We need to get the unemployment rate down for women, men, young people and older people.
Nor shall I be opposing more staff for the groups, to enable them to better support that kind of task, but let us be honest, ladies and gentlemen: it is crazy, and also incorrect, to give each individual MEP EUR 1 500 more this year and a further EUR 1 500 on top next year.
I think that public opinion would like to receive an answer to these questions.
I would add that the Council's amendments concerning blacklists depend on the proposals that have been made, including by the European Parliament.
Safety is a key issue in our lives - it is the most important issue.
At present, the existing Community Action Plan has been implemented to a satisfactory degree, but in the future it will be necessary to pay greater attention to the matter of the transport and monitoring of animals.
Only such an objective, together with protection of citizens' savings, justifies the use of public funds for a rescue plan.
I am pleased that, as a result of the discussions held by the conciliation committee, a better way has been found to secure legal correctness in the text, and also to provide protection for all users and show respect for the jurisdictions of the Member States.
In addition, it has been assumed that the protests have been organised by Moldova's neighbour, Romania, which wants to annex Moldova.
A number of votes and declarations have proven that there is consensus within the EU on various aspects of this fund.
The initiatives, which are of great interest to the regional- and local-level crafts sector, also include the development of a best practices network for regional and local collectives, and the implementation of consultation services on finance, to offer the sector's small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) better information on producing and distributing cultural and creative goods and services.
in writing. - (LT) Funding for territorial cooperation should be increased, taking into account its influence on cohesion policy.
The report on public finances in the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU) adopts the anti-labour decisions made by the Council and the Commission which are designed to strengthen the competitiveness of monopolies in order to safeguard the profits of capital and shift the burden of the deep capitalist crisis onto the workers' shoulders.
This report sets out recommendations as economic strategies for emerging from the crisis: I will now highlight the main ones.
The second issue is that the facts involved are vitally important and the consequences are very serious for our countries and our peoples, not least bearing in mind the situations that are now being experienced here in the European Union, for instance in Greece and Ireland and, as is being announced, Portugal.
in writing. - At a time of serious economic and social crisis, we need to increase efforts to coordinate macro-economic and structural reform strategies across national borders so as to tackle the imbalances that hinder the generation of jobs.
Great emphasis is placed on strengthening the European Urban Agenda, on developing basic physical infrastructure and its contribution to the economic fabric, and on energy and environmental sustainability through investment based on technological progress, but people are sidelined.
We would welcome Parliament's feedback on this communication.
Finally, I would like to thank everybody involved in this legislative process - the Committee on International Trade (INTA), the Commission rapporteurs, the Chair of the INTA Committee, the Council and my own staff at the Commission - for what, I would say, is a very good example of what the ratification procedure should be under the Treaty of Lisbon.
This also marks a unique first step in the activities of the European Parliament.
In Europe, people like me -immigrants and the children of immigrants - who come from the area that was once colonised by Europe, are still stigmatised.
in writing. - (RO) Bearing in mind that the principle of gender equality is promoted by European legislation and is one of the fundamental requirements of the Europe 2020 Strategy, I consider it appropriate to include this issue in the future common agricultural policy, including through the use of new instruments which will promote this principle.
In addition, here in the European Union, we are discarding valuable resources.
I believe it is essential for civil servants to be accountable to the general public.
It is therefore high time that we found practical, realistic solutions to preserving healthy terrestrial environments, healthy flora and fauna, as well as healthy aquatic environments.
It is very important that we add to this SMS roaming, because every year in the European Union 2.5 billion text messages are sent.
This stand confuses stagnation with stability; it is a reprehensible stand, because it has failed to heed the demands of the people in the area for freedom and social justice.
We therefore need to make up for lost time quickly, and in some way seek strategic partnerships with Mexico and Chile, apply the future developments clause in these agreements, and conclude the agreements with Central America, where we need to introduce greater measures of generosity.
We are examining the issues around how third countries might receive former detainees.
Madam President, I would like to thank Mrs Malmström for being here.
Is Frontex not a very important factor in combating illegal immigration?
Network and information systems must have effective protection against any kind of intrusion and outages, including attacks carried out by people.
This is not the case here.
Personally, I believe that a negotiated solution is the lesser evil for ACP countries, and this is the spirit in which we must also approach the Banana Accompanying Measures, since they would not have been the automatic outcome of a judgment by the Dispute Settlement Body.
You need our help.
Depositors know that there are deposit guarantees, and so do not need to worry about which bank they put their money into.
I cannot see any such projects in this programme today.
I would therefore like to know, at least, whether what we recommend will be taken into account or not.
Parliament has only just approved mobilisation of the EUSF, almost a year later.
I would like to thank all those who were present here today in Parliament, and who continue to give their valued support to this process, which is dragging on, and which, as the Commissioner has just said, we must pursue if our objectives are to be met.
I hope that, as Parliament, we can come to an agreement with the Council using such an approach and that, as a result, European citizens can also benefit.
For the above reasons, I voted to adopt this agreement.
We therefore regret that the alternative motion for a resolution has been adopted, as this waters down certain aspects contained in the Graça Moura report, not least the defence of the mother tongue and the parents' right to choose the official language in which their children will be educated, in countries or regions with more than one official language or with regional languages.
My colleagues from the ACP countries always tend to point out the problems that the EU's subsidised agricultural products create on their markets.
How do we say 'against'?
A disaster has occurred and has claimed victims - others have occurred in the past - and it is only natural that one should question its causes.
We do not want another occurrence of this sort to take place and we must do all that we can to guarantee that our system is at least capable of promptly catching those who try to sneak past the rules that are already in place, and the ones which we draw up together.
I voted for this resolution because I believe that the principle of innovation partnerships in the public and private sectors can boost research and innovation activities and help revive demand during the crisis.
(FR) Mr President, I should like first of all to emphasise that the application of the precautionary principle by the majority of the European governments when they closed their airspace in a targeted and temporary manner was a wise and prudent decision.
I note your eagerness and the expectations that there are of the Swedish Presidency, your desire for us to be more of a driving force in climate negotiations and to take action to combat the financial crisis and economic recession.
We must do our utmost to eliminate digital illiteracy.
Secondly, decentralisation and a broader inclusion of interested parties and advisory bodies in the process.
This question of how the EU is actually administered is dealt with very succinctly in paragraphs 125 and 126 of the Garriga Polledo report.
I endorse the comments of other colleagues who have concerns about 'spreading the net' and dragging farmers into the coverage, as industrial polluters.
We have proposed to provide research with competitive financing, adequate infrastructures and intellectual property regulations, as well as efficient mobility for researchers in our desire for the European Union to be a top international research partner.
However, not all countries are yet in compliance with their obligation to provide a residence permit to the nationals of third countries who are holders of this form of long-stay visa.
Legislating in this field of policy is particularly difficult because the technologies involved change and advance so rapidly and so much, which means that we are always playing catch-up rather than legislating ahead of the game.
The aim of this directive should be to clarify consumer rights and to simplify cross-border trade, to introduce reliable and fair regulations and, of course, to strengthen legal certainty.
This would not be the case with smart grids.
Moreover, there is a lack of the concept that there is no such thing as a right to be included in the social security system.
Secondly, we should consider creating a rapid reaction tool within the ENP for prompt and flexible response to political changes in partner countries, as has happened recently in the Southern neighbourhood.
The first is that we must regain the leading role in global climate protection.
We need an alternative policy that guarantees a fair distribution of income, stimulates economic activity, creates jobs, reinforces the state's role in the economy, boosts demand, encourages the growth of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises and revives investment, bearing in mind the needs and specific aspects of each Member State.
What does this mean in specific terms?
Firstly, we need to maximise the impact of each euro spent.
The European Union must step up its actions to combat these serious human rights violations so that UN resolutions mean more than just a piece of paper.
I am sure you would agree with me that if we want to be successful, we need this target to have the same degree of adherence as the previous ones.
I have been asked if we already have proof that these processes are effective.
Thirdly, the intention is to make the updating processes and the decision-making process more transparent and democratic.
As a matter of urgency I urge the Commission to come forward with proposals that will put in place robust measures to counter gender-based violence and protect victims across the EU.
The EU needs a new, integrated foreign policy which will allow it to confront the world's problems effectively.
We must press the large reset button, as it were.
I should like to refer to the situation in France, the situation in Italy - which seems to be even more serious - and the situation in my own country.
In this context, I do not think that we need to restrict ourselves simply to watching what has happened so far, but should also try to prevent it. I believe that a different way of handling the human rights issue is on the cards.
This European Parliament is the people's representation and it demands accountability for the use of taxpayers' money.
A fragmented approach may lead to overlapping or even conflicting policies, contradictory public actions or, worse, duplication of resources.
It has already been established that Cancún will not produce a legally binding post-2012 framework.
We support full integration, considering that this objective must constitute a driving force for reform and policy change on important issues.
Fourthly and finally, also worthy of special notice are the solutions which have a social dimension, requiring Member States to give assistance to electricity and gas consumers who cannot afford to pay their bills.
It is therefore essential to reconcile these different issues.
I also believe that we need to do away with the British rebate and ensure that unused EU resources are returned to the EU budget.
Despite being against the accession of Iceland to the Union on its merits, I therefore welcome the decision to give the sovereign people the choice to accept or reject a proposal which could potentially radically change the destiny of a nation.
At the very moment that hordes of asylum seekers from Barbary are storming the European Union, we have to make asylum applications harder, not easier.
We cannot hide the fact, though, that the proposal to suspend flights from the entire European Union to a country or to areas where the epidemic first broke out was on the agenda at last week's meeting of the Council of Transport Ministers, as well as the Council of Health Ministers.
in writing. - I can only congratulate my colleague Elisa Ferreira on her report on the European Economic Recovery Plan.
It may have its good aspects, but I do not know if it is right to trim down the initiatives at that stage.
After decades of tension, the political climate between the present Taiwanese Government and the People's Republic of China is currently very positive, as the establishment of direct flights and the unprecedented level of cross-Straits business and personal exchanges show, thus providing a window of opportunity for a trouble-free implementation of the measure.
We need a new international economic architecture.
But this is no time for complacency.
Good governance in European regional policy is essential if such policy is to be successful.
Nevertheless, we need to insist on the importance of increasing our budgets in order to develop these new technologies, and on the fact that prioritising those increases must be a fundamental element in future discussions within the European institutions, particularly this Parliament.
Understanding the market dynamics and equipping regulators with instruments plus information/data is vital.
You reviewed your discussions with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, but you added, without seemingly having been asked, that you wanted to increase market access in Tunisia.
That is unfortunate, because counterfeited goods are doing huge damage to businesses right across Europe and this has not been highlighted or tackled enough.
Security forces responded with brute force and summarily arrested peaceful protesters; courts launched show trials en masse against students, scientists, women's rights activists, lawyers, journalists and members of the clergy.
Only then will we be able to implement tourism policy effectively and protect the rights of consumers.
The penalties must be clear, transparent and, above all, comparable.
Even in times of austerity, you have to pay your electricity bills.
However, I believe that the European institutions must not be used, in any manner or form, as a forum for settling internal political disputes.
Madam President, I have been following the case of Tibet for years.
However, on the matter of the 2010 budget, today we can surely all accept that the situation has changed somewhat since we debated the 2009 budget.
Is this really the case today?
I would suggest in particular that the issues relating to the labour market have to be removed.
I hope that we shall together unanimously document this tomorrow.
It is small and medium-sized enterprises which keep the economy going, even during a crisis.
Energy efficiency is also the cheapest way of reducing CO2 emissions.
I voted for the European Parliament's motion for a resolution on solving the problem of energy efficiency through information and communications technologies as I firmly believe that these technologies can offer viable solutions to this problem.
Up to 15% of the sums paid out may be used to assist public authorities in preparing the projects, which will be selected partly on the basis of geographical balance.
Adjournment of the session
There must also be easily accessible assistance and help given to citizens who wish to organise a petition.
EU Member States must, if necessary, be taken to the European Court of Justice for failing to do so, and the idea, as my colleague Sonia Alfano has said, that Libya is capable of doing that job instead is completely outrageous given its gross human rights abuses.
I hope the Council will share our concern and listen carefully to the position agreed by the European Parliament.
It is clear that, even in the case of rural projects, there will be no problem at all.
This debate must at least be held - we must use this opportunity.
There are currently eight International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions that have been ratified by all EU Member States. These should lead to the creation of a bedrock of international rules shared by all Member States.
Implementation of excessive deficit procedure (
I therefore voted against this report.
I think that there will hardly be a topic that will occupy us as much during this and the forthcoming decades as the question of the availability of food.
3.
The Hungarian press law was drafted in this context, in the wake of the European directive in this area.
It is good, therefore, to determine how these patient organisations are financed, and it is extremely important to ensure that these organisations are financed independently and are not solely dependent on the pharmaceutical industry.
While that is also the dominant vision in the Commission communication, it is not our vision.
However, the report fundamentally emphasises the role of vocational training in promoting entrepreneurship and the need to 'create an environment where enterprises can succeed, develop and grow', adding that 'to grow, they need a reduced tax burden and predictability so they can plan and make investments'.
They came from different places, from a vast number of ideologies and cultures, but they were united in the objective of fighting for the rights of equality and justice to be recognised, for the social and political participation of women, for the sharing of responsibilities, for the rights to sexual and reproductive health.
The Japanese experience is an opportunity for the responsible appraisal of existing safety standards, without unnecessary political grandstanding.
Firstly, may I congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent work, completed in a very short space of time.
In the event of an accident, the capital of an EU Member State would be immediately affected.
I am very pleased about this.
I think that providing workers with training and qualifications is of paramount importance, as they are vital to job creation, social integration and the success of the Single Market.
Clearly, we have to continue calling for actions to protect human rights defenders and to ensure the observation of trials at the Supreme State Security Court.
They can be found amongst the exponents of many governments who promise at every official meeting what it is in their interests to deny in the corridors outside.
No, scientists are saying that that is perfectly feasible if we start doing the right things now to enable us to achieve this objective by 2050.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to congratulate you, Mr Füle, on your new appointment and wish you luck in this very important task.
The most important task today for the EU and its Member States is to resolve economic and social problems.
Strasbourg is presumably a difficult destination to reach, and downright impossible in exceptional circumstances.
There was the birth of the Green Climate Fund, which will cost the most developed countries USD 100 billion a year as from 2020, while USD 30 billion will be immediately allocated to 'fast-start' funding, USD 410 million of which Italy will have to find.
Yet now you profess surprise, in 2010, at finding that the procedural rights are not adequate.
So we have to understand that there is great potential for future energy from the oceans.
We need to try to keep this dialogue as broad as possible, also consulting with wider sections of society, possibly including the indigenous peoples in particular.
Both countries must take responsibility for the fact that Member States did not receive gas.
It is recognised that Russia has strengthened relations in the areas of energy, trade, visa liberalisation, illegal immigration control, the fight against terrorism, climate change and foreign policy, and on issues such as Iranian nuclear weaponry, and peacemaking in the Caucasus and the Middle East.
This is therefore the start of a new phase for the Aviation Safety Agency.
I would also like to say a few words on the four projects we are undertaking with you on public contracts, as highlighted in the Buşoi report.
There will be confusion about who is responsible for what.
We need to stay at the forefront of technology by investing more in research and innovation, building the necessary infrastructure and training more engineers, scientists and technicians.
I also want to thank the Council, because I believe that, thanks to the Hungarian Presidency, we have broken the impasse on this particular issue.
Explanations of vote
While the EU backs the Copenhagen proposals to further the deindustrialisation of the West and the corporate domination of the Third World, a growing majority of ordinary people regard climate change as an elite scam - an excuse to tax and control us and to impose internationalist dogma and global government at the expense of the nation state.
The maintenance or otherwise of the death penalty is, and should remain, a decision solely made at the nation state level via democratic means.
18. (
It was also clear during the mission that we made to Bulgaria and Romania, and for this I would like to thank my fellow Romanian Members, Mr Marinescu, Mr Enciu and Mrs Weber, and my fellow Bulgarian Members, Mr Kovatchev and Mrs Nedelcheva.
Although the European Commission cannot demand that an individual or a company implement the provisions of the directive on misleading and comparative advertising, as Guardian of the Treaties, it must ensure that the directive is properly implemented in the Member States.
On the one hand, it directly concerns the problems of marginalised societies, even if that term is not very well defined.
The ruins of the homeland are safe.
Your predecessor is, today, the Head of State in Lithuania.
A series of compromise candidates nominated by the national governments as thanks for services rendered or, quite simply, to keep rivals at bay.
It is also clear that the EGNOS and GNSS systems can, in general, make an important contribution to road safety and environmental objectives, and to freer road traffic flow, due to their availability for use in road tolling.
Given that Ukraine's gas debt to Russia is USD 2.4 billion, the debt could have been wiped off in about five years by scrapping this payment, which, allegedly, according to the deputy prime minister of Ukraine, ends up in the pockets of corrupt politicians.
Women are still in a disadvantaged position unfortunately which, apart from anything else, manifests itself overtly in their lack of access to roles in which political or economic decisions are taken.
The problem with the management plans must be resolved as a matter of urgency.
In recent years I have repeatedly questioned the Commission on this topic and highlighted the dangers involved, but no answers have ever been given or any concrete action taken.
Origin markings are essential to ensure transparency, safety and information for European citizens and, at the same time, to give our enterprises clear, common rules.
Although it was adopted in 2006, this assessment of its implementation has revealed several delays in its transposition in some Member States, due to both legislative and technical issues, as different legislative instruments were required for its correct implementation.
I congratulate you first on your five years of work at the head of the Commission, in which you have shown firmness in dealing with the Member States, as on the climate and energy question, and an ability to generate compromise and consensus, as on the financial perspective, despite the added difficulties resulting from enlargement, the institutional crisis and the international financial crisis.
About 50% of our assistance goes either through national programmes or through trust funds that directly support the Afghan Government.
At the same time I would like to say on behalf of the Czech Presidency and the Council that we will be closely monitoring the progress of negotiations over EPAs and I would like to express my support for the Commission and also Commissioner Ashton for the efforts she has made to date to fulfil the mandate that the Council gave her.
For this reason I firmly believe that if the European Parliament approves these two regulations it will greatly benefit EU citizens because they will have the possibility to exercise much greater choice.
Therefore, we clearly must make use of all of the new scientific data that is available and update the limit values accordingly, because it is self-evident that we must have a high level of health protection in the EU.
This culminated in the adoption by the Commission, in September 2008, of the communication on a European Union strategy for marine and maritime research.
rapporteur. - Mr President, firstly I would like to thank all the honourable Members concerned for their interesting input, and especially the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation.
This is why the Commission ...
Not only those of us in Parliament who are pro-European are in favour of this.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on oil exploration and extraction - risks, liability and regulation.
It is over.
We need to create a single European legal system if we want to combat, at European level, crime that has become international and moves easily between banks, tax havens, financial markets and movable and fixed assets markets.
We should therefore maintain a strong dialogue with, and a strong pressure on, the Khartoum authorities to obtain their full cooperation, both on the CPA and also on Darfur and their processes.
Commission Legislative and Work Programme for 2010 (debate)
From now on, any third-country national holding a long-stay visa issued by a Member State will be able to travel to the other Member States for three months in any six-month period, under the same conditions as the holder of a residence permit.
This United Kingdom figure is likely to be something in the region of 750 000 people by 2025.
We want a North Pole that is clean and above all without troops.
While crude oil can be replaced by solar or nuclear energy, there is nothing which can replace the food our planet produces.
In this case - and this needs to be clarified with regard to what the previous speaker said, too - it is not about subsidies for simple restructuring, it is about supporting individual workers by providing assistance with living costs and measures for further training.
This measure targets hulks.
I am in favour of extending the operation of all educational programmes for young people.
Recital 6 of the proposal now includes such desegregation measures as examples of actions which should go along with housing interventions.
Mobility is not just about cars.
The G20 process has had the following significant results:
Consolidating stability and prosperity in the Western Balkans - Situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina (debate)
in writing. - (PT) I welcome and agree with the rapporteur's observations, and I congratulate the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union on the work it does.
If not, which countries are taking a different line, and has the Irish Government requested any opt-out in this particular area?
The next item is the vote.
Mr President, having heard Baroness Ashton's statement, I would like to put two questions relating to her evaluation of the impact on the Middle East peace process of what is occurring now in North Africa.
In my opinion, we should acknowledge the enormous efforts made by the Commission over this issue, which brought definite results.
The Commission has indicated that Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania have complied with the criteria and, therefore, the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers must recognise that, as soon as possible.
Assessments of its potential impact indicate that, due to the unavailability of plant protection products in the future, it is going to be very difficult to control pests and diseases that affect the cultivation of many foods - specifically, all Mediterranean produce - as well as the cultivation of ornamental plants and cut flowers.
I promised during my hearing that I would come to listen and to take your advice, and today's debate was a clear proof of the richness, wisdom and insight that are assembled here in this House.
They were killed for the sole reason of belonging to these two ethnic groups or, in the terms of their persecutors, 'race.'
However, delays in approving Member States' systems descriptions, compliance assessments and audit strategies have slowed budgetary implementation and may increase the risk that control systems do not prevent or detect errors in the start-up phase.
Without inclusion of this policy in the EU 2020 strategy, and also in every successive strategy, we have no chance of achieving the objectives, not only in the areas I have just mentioned, but also in many others.
There has been no lack of time or of technical facilities.
With 900 000 tonnes' worth of catches, this agreement also represents the greatest fishing potential.
In its report the Court of Auditors again qualified its opinion on the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions.
We cannot afford to go on in this way in future and I hope that the citizens of Europe will become more aware of these economic issues.
(CS) When reviewing the Copenhagen Summit and its results, one should employ common sense and look through the prism of the multitude of available environmental and economic data confirming that there is no such thing as global warming, and if it does exist, it is totally beyond human control, being caused purely by natural forces.
It is thanks to Mr Gauzès that we have got it off the ground.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, about two weeks ago, the Italian Prime Minister became the first Western Head of Government for many years to visit Belarus.
Up to now, the Member States have used less than 20% of the overall allocation.
Indeed, we say as much in paragraph 1 of the report, to the extent that the 18 MEPs should enter en bloc, otherwise we would lose representativeness.
As far as we are aware, Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina have still not implemented these technical measures in full.
However, we really need a Europe capable of adding value in order to correct global abuses and injustices at source.
Ghettos are not just a matter of environment or buildings but also of the people who live here.
The exception to this, Greece, came about due to systemic errors compounded over time and kept hidden.
We have simply tried to put forward what we believe is a realistic list but are very comfortable in actually discussing that further.
This is not just about rescuing single countries: it is about the credibility of the eurozone.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, in defining the mid-term strategy, the Union will have to take account of the effects of the economic crisis, which is today penalising this part of the world - and other parts too - and, of course, of the shortcomings that gave rise to the modest results of the previous strategy, the 2000 Lisbon Strategy.
The forestry industries contribute to economic growth, they create opportunities for growth and employment in rural areas, and they encourage rural development through local industries and tourism opportunities.
Yes, there is the treaty, the letter and the spirit.
(Applause)
They show that they have double standards when they refuse the proposal to include cases from other countries, such as Germany, Hungary or Portugal, where the unjustifiable cancellation of Jornal Nacional on TV1 was mentioned.
To conclude, I should like to highlight the efforts made by some agencies to improve their management.
It is a very simple matter.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, what concerns us most in this debate are the workers in the car industry.
Electoral fraud, violent repression of demonstrations and executions, which amounted to 680 in 2010 (twice as many as in the previous year) and the arrest of opposition leaders leave no doubts over the use of power and violence by the regime.
The Energy Efficiency Action Plan is not a competition in which obstacles and hurdles are placed in one's way, but the start of a cultural process, a key European policy objective aimed at influencing the behaviour of individuals and businesses.
Under the new rules, all Member States will be able to avail of such EU funding to improve the conditions of marginalised households previously unavailable to Member States which joined since 2004.
Secondly, I want to say that Uzbekistan is also a good example of a country that says to us that the European Union has nothing to teach them about democracy and human rights because the Union has its own defects and problems.
We must remember to maintain internal balance, and that we should defend those interests of all EU Member States which are not mutually exclusive.
When this directive is applied, at least we will avoid many cases where companies are forced out of business due to debt caused by other public or private operators.
This means that only 2% have actually been targeted.
If we are supplying food to 90% of the population of Gaza, we have a right to see where European taxpayers' money is being spent, whether it is being used appropriately and whether it is reaching the people who need it.
Occasionally, MEPs were invited to take part in an exchange of opinion between the Commission and civil society on specific programmes.
This Europe of inclusion extends from the beautiful Atlantic coast that bathes Portugal to the edges of the old continent where Asia begins.
We all worked extremely well on this report and I am delighted - as he has said - that we managed to reach a broad consensus.
None of us can say for sure that it will stay there, calmly for the next millennia.
Mr President, I think, in finding reasons for the economic recession we find ourselves in, the finger is pointed - and rightly so - at bankers, builders, regulators, speculators, etc. I think, however, the area of public procurement has led to a lot of the problems as well, where there was an element of 'jobs for the boys', a lack of transparency and a lack of integrity.
I believe that the proposed regulation under discussion is beginning to inject some order into an ever more confused global market.
In this context, non-profit-making systems with mixed financing from state resources, international support and public participation could help meet the immense challenge posed by health care in sub-Saharan Africa.
It is going to colegislate, it is going to agree, it is going to have to exercise that balance, which is so difficult at times, between security and freedom.
This is a commitment from the EU to avoid policy choices that undermine its salutary work in the field of development cooperation and, indeed, to pursue actions, across the policy spectrum, that will benefit developing countries.
I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because I agree with the idea that Europe needs more researchers.
Cooperation between committees, these joint committees, that is a test run, because the previous practice was unsatisfactory.
The accidents in this plant's reactors resulted from the combination of highly improbable factors, it is true; however, they did combine and potentially it could happen again in other nuclear plants.
in writing. - (SV) In today's vote in the European Parliament, I voted against the own-initiative report on health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa and global health.
The answer is, quite simply, because equality is not implemented in many areas.
That is a good thing.
(The President cut off the speaker)
It is difficult when you are in Gibraltar not to see, and occasionally smell, the smoke and pollution from the refineries adjacent to the border, and the concern is that these are the causes of the cancer clusters.
President of the Commission. - Mr President, I should point out that the European Court of Auditors is a fully independent body.
The creation of structures that are capable of preventative intervention, sustained by permanent, carefully reasoned evaluation, should be a priority in the EU decision-making process and policy making in the current framework for responding to the current crisis, where it is imperative to ensure the efficiency of Union macro-prudential supervision of the financial system.
This can and must be done with respect for present broadcasting, ensuring the same opportunities for broadcasters as they have today, and compensating for eventual migration costs where necessary.
I assume that you will be voting in favour tomorrow.
Both parties must make every effort to ensure that a comprehensive, ambitious and coordinated FTA has been concluded by 2011, because this agreement would be the basis for establishing opportunities to increase EU and Indian trade and investment, and develop business, and the FTA would increase overall exports and imports for both the European Union and India.
Firstly, we are worried about what will happen next with the six-monthly and yearly refinancing operations and whether you will succeed in withdrawing from this package of extraordinary liquidity measures.
This situation has serious consequences, particularly for the region of Aragón, which has a lower population density than the EU average.
It is especially important to agree on economic partnerships to strengthen the compatibility of EU policy for the good of development and, inter alia, the promotion of suitable work, welfare and job creation and ensure the appropriate implementation of trade commitments and the application of a suitable transition period for these commitments.
As all these actions are interlinked, indispensable and consistent with the scale of ambition which have been fixed in the Treaty of Lisbon and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, we have to reach this ambitious outcome as quickly as possible in line with citizens' expectations.
My hope in presenting this proposal for change is that it will make future docking operations more effective and less polluting, something which will definitely be facilitated by paper-free procedures as well as the wider use of intelligent transport systems.
Written Statements (Rule 142)
Instead of learning from this fact, EU bodies have approved an incredible 519 regulations and 68 directives since 1 July last year, in other words over the space of 9 months.
Above all, these same authorities are currently negotiating with the Comoran authorities to conclude an agreement on movement and migration, as a lasting reduction must be made to the migration pressures on that island.
Monitoring the activity of agencies more closely offers only a minimum service and obviously does not go far enough.
This year's report, however, also shows that we cannot rest on our laurels, and that we need to remain vigilant.
I said in conclusion that we would host the conference and I would hope that, subject to your availability, of course, that you might consider my invitation to attend part of this meeting, Baroness Ashton.
In the light of the reform applicable in 2014, the common agricultural policy must respond to the following priorities: viable food production, sustainable management of natural resources, measures for combating climate change and balanced territorial development.
Hence the reason why I think we should be more ambitious.
I will not forget how John Paul II in his speech at the Brandenburg Gate in 1996 said, looking back, that people had been separated from one another by walls and lethal borders.
It is a fact, however, that all the governments that are an expression of our political families put spanners in the works every day, so that these grand political projects can be realised.
It is likewise to no one's benefit for various countries around the world to clear rainforests - 12 500 km2 of rainforest was cleared in Brazil last year.
Measuring the air quality in our cities and performing an in-depth analysis of that measurement would be a step towards more transparent policy making.
The only shortage is figures.
In this case also, the final compromise has ended up taking into account several of the criticisms that we made about the initial proposal, specifically with regard to reduction indicators and targets, measures and timetables to reduce the risks and dangers associated with pesticides and the dependency on pesticides.
Yet this is not the Italian Parliament and therefore it is not the right place to carry out these essentially national political debates.
We must continue to diversify our energy resources and step up investment in renewable energy sources and fossil fuels.
(The sitting was suspended at 14.10 and resumed at 15.00)
We want to know whether the Council can confirm its intention to adopt conclusions on this issue during the Competitiveness Council of 3 December 2009.
We agree, furthermore, that all the parties should engage in continued and constructive dialogue to address post-referendum issues, including common borders, citizenship arrangements for citizens both north and south, and the sharing of oil revenues.
We therefore now have a legal framework and it must, of course, be put to use.
The case-law of the European Court of Justice is only a stopgap measure because we do not have a directive on the transfer of company seats; but, in the form currently envisaged, this European private company would basically reinforce this disintegration - enshrining it in Community law once and for all.
In our opinion a report of this kind would be both possible and appropriate, because the Member States are the only shareholders of the EIB, which means that it has a direct link with, and therefore a direct budgetary responsibility to, Parliament.
This is leading the European Union according to the Community method.
What needs to be changed or improved and what are the objectives of the new EU strategy for Afghanistan?
Yet tonight Parliament joins Council and Commission in expressing our deep concern that what is closed instead with December's Constitutional Court decision is the political party which commands the majority of the vote in the country's Kurdish majority areas, and is what the country's human rights association calls the 'natural negotiator' on behalf of the Kurdish people.
I welcome this important step for governance, which responds to the repeated calls by the European Parliament for an increase in sub-national entities' participation in drawing up and implementing European policy.
We cannot deal with either terrorists or dictators.
I would like to ask what specific action the Commission has taken to help nurses from the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, including those from Poland?
Without a Europe of defence, defence in Europe will be threatened.
- After the vote on Amendment 5:
The sense of unity being displayed by Council and Commission, and by the diplomatic representatives in Oslo, concerning the ceremony which may take place on 10 December, is encouraging.
The report is part of a package of initiatives aimed at making transport more sustainable, and ensuring that users will only have to pay the transport costs directly related to their use of that particular mode of transport.
In order to achieve the desired results, I believe it is necessary to reduce the 'Rotterdam' effect, which, according to the Commission and the Council, will lead to an over-representation in external trade statistics of Member States that record a high volume of exports or customs clearances but that actually only act as transit countries, to the detriment of the Member States that actually receive or dispatch the goods.
(PL) Mr President, several weeks ago, the European Commission rejected a request from the Polish Government to provide assistance for the restructuring of agricultural holdings which produce tobacco.
This will not be the first time and, unfortunately, I fear that it will not be the last.
After that Council, I put a proposal on the table - that is now being considered by the Council - to suspend the Social Fund cofinancing rules for countries that are in difficulties.
This requires an ability to take the lead regarding broadband and the use of the Internet.
However, I feel it is incumbent on somebody to stand back and ask where this European Union is in the real world.
We do not have any companies of that size, but smaller ones have indeed gone bankrupt.
In-depth impact assessments were carried out by the Commission's services when drafting the wine reform and we do not therefore intend to restart the work undertaken in 2006 and 2007 to prepare the wine reform, nor to make an in-depth impact assessment of all different individual wine-making practices, so we base ourselves on the work that is taking place in the OIV.
Research and innovation are central to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, so investment in R&D is the best possible response.
Judicial training (
The fact is that this often leads to unemployment and, moreover, crime, as well as a lot of other unwanted consequences.
I believe this is the case for most people here.
However, it is even more interesting that in the results section, the European Commission does not agree with the diagnosis made by the Court of Auditors.
The 2020 target has been left at 147 g/km and the penalties for non-compliance have been reduced from EUR 120/g to EUR 95/g.
These are arguments that permit us to reject the complaints against the Latvian state.
We fully recognise the importance of social dialogue and constructive industrial relations.
Although almost 70% of the population of Lithuania live in cities and suburban areas, my country nevertheless lacks a clear, integrated and sustainable approach.
The most important task is to protect public spaces, vulnerable people and privacy.
This is expressed in various ways: whether in the context of so-called cultural diplomacy, in which culture is seen as a tool for foreign policy, or in the area currently under discussion of creating a European Union Heritage Label so as to, in the words of the rapporteur, 'enhance the Europeans' faith in the European Union and its leaders' and 'fill in the gap between the European Union and its citizens'.
The law qualifies as detrimental to minors information that 'expresses contempt for family values, encourages the concept of entry into a marriage and creation of a family other than stipulated in the Constitution of the Republic of Lithuania and the Civil Code of the Republic of Lithuania'.
There was excellent cooperation with the Czech Presidency and cooperation in the Committee on Culture and Education was best of all.
A few days ago again, the Environment Council rejected Commissioner Dalli's proposal by a very large majority.
What they need is a simpler and more responsive CAP.
Are there any circumstances in which you think the peoples of Europe should have a referendum so that they can decide these issues?
The gas is supplied from Russia.
If we achieve this, we will no longer make many of the mistakes of the past and we ought to use this to seize an opportunity for ourselves.
They offer the following important benefits to the economy and population: a cash flow injection into the economy, along with job creation, a reduction in heating costs, protection of the environment through cutting greenhouse gas emissions, the provision of social cohesion and support for low-income families.
According to the study by SCHER, the Scientific Committee on Health and Environmental Risks, the limit values for the PAHs - the carcinogenic substances - are too high.
It also seems to me that, in the modern world, we no longer need to put 23 languages on a label, because modern technologies can provide improved solutions to this problem.
I would like to mention the fact that Chief Prosecutor Brammertz himself regards cooperation with the international tribunal in the Hague as irreproachable.
The first time we tried, we put together descriptions of all cases and all decisions related to sport, which made a kind of map showing how sport relates to European Community law or policies.
The problem of climate warming is one of the main issues troubling the modern world.
We should not, however, confuse patient mobility with the medical tourism that has developed over recent years.
Mr President, I would like to bring to your attention the fact that now we are actually going to have a referendum in Wales.
Mr Fjellner's report is very timely.
We need to draw attention to the fact that an increasingly capital- and risk-sensitive banking sector is asking for more collateral and higher risk premiums, both requirements resulting in insufficient financing and missed business and employment opportunities in this very large sector of the economy.
In October last year a large majority in this House upheld the principle of applying delegated acts to external funding decisions as well, so as to have power of veto over them.
Firstly, I do not understand Mr Cohn-Bendit: he should have already asked for the election of the European Parliament to be postponed until such time as we had the Treaty of Lisbon.
First, the retention for the securitisation of loans is an important and correct instrument for involving financial institutions in the business risk of the loans in question.
It is vital for young people to be able to develop the competences, skills and knowledge that will allow them to actively contribute to the growth and sustainable future of the European Union over the coming years.
That is why we are holding this debate.
In my opinion, it is unwise to impose additional financial burdens on businesses at a time of economic difficulty.
The implementation of the protocol has proved effective by providing Seychelles with resources to develop a responsible fishing industry.
She flees and is lucky to find sheltered accommodation.
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of this resolution as I believe that the EU needs to create a new development paradigm in order to tackle climate change.
Although it is true that the fight against climate change has been set as one of the major political challenges for a number of years, we have not yet seen the results expected.
As an immediate response to the concrete recommendations in the report, I can confirm that the Commission will support actions to promote the sharing of experience and awareness-raising, and will explore the means to provide incentives for procurers across a number of Member States in order to implement pre-commercial procurement projects jointly.
Brazil is also a country of decisive importance to Mercosur.
Protectionism is an abomination - even for a former Maoist.
We need to revise the principle of relative stability and we need to look for new approaches to management that are more flexible and more adaptable because there have been problems with the TACs and quotas.
For me, the fact that the Commission has chosen this pilot project shows how significant the problem of ageing is for the entire European Union.
We really must carry out research to find the necessary technology, because today, it is only a visible observation by the police, who then send people for medical testing, and only then can it become clear that there is a problem.
Experience shows that during an economic slowdown, young people would rather remain in the education system or begin studies than look for work.
The EU 2020 initiative is calling on Member States to contribute and we have heard from the rapporteurs (whom I thank greatly for their reports) about the fact that Member States need to contribute to the completing of the single market.
We need to safeguard satisfactory control over the handling of delegated powers, so that we do not lose our grip on this complex organisation.
Mr Barroso, I think it makes a good deal of sense for you to ask yourself what the economic and social solutions might be to the problems we have at the moment and the crisis we are experiencing, not taking advantage of the Commission's services but as leader of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats;
It is vital, therefore, to press for more effective criminal prosecutions, and to ensure that the subsequent punishments reflect the seriousness of the crime.
In view of the enormous size, number of inhabitants and economic situation of this candidate country, the accession of Turkey to the EU would impose an enormous burden on the budget together with a 9% decline in per capita GDP for the EU.
If, with our new competence under the Treaty of Lisbon, we now want to develop a new European framework, we must be familiar with the data and also be able to exchange this data in a harmonised way.
As far as the structures of small, medium and large farms are concerned, I agree that they must perform better - and this applies to small farms too - but we must be able to ensure that this change takes place in their specific environment, by harnessing their specific potential to a greater extent.
The countries have an opportunity to develop closer ties with neighbouring countries and with the European Union.
Instead of this, the main subject of concern is adding clauses to the Treaty of Lisbon to encourage the Czech President to sign it.
Do you not think that, in light of the developments in Lithuania, that matter should be given much more attention?
I voted for this report which helps combat social exclusion in rural areas.
The debate is closed.
It is the duty of Parliament to condemn this humanitarian disaster, laying claim as it does to moral leadership on respect for human rights.
Societies are changed not by mediocrity but by courage, conviction and vision.
Last but not least, 2010 marks the mid-term point of the financial outlook for the 2007-2013 period.
I am very happy to see that the new British Government also seems to be very keen on being ambitious in the field of climate change.
On the contrary, this particular resolution calls for more women to be employed in police and military missions and for the EU to deploy more women officers and soldiers in CSDP missions.
I would like to say that we are pleased that there is a consensus with regard to the importance of moving forward with the development of the mandate presented by the European Commission and that there is going to be a Parliament sitting on this, as announced by Mr Jáuregui and I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate him and the other rapporteurs of this report, Mrs Gál and Mr Preda.
In 1997 and following five years' experience, the CVMP reviewed all the MRLs that had been set and concluded that it was not necessary to set MRLs for individual species as the MRLs for a particular substance are nearly always similar or identical.
I salute the courage of the hundreds of gay people and their supporters who braved the hate campaign against them to march in the Baltic Pride parade in Lithuania's capital, Vilnius, in May of last year.
Investment in education must be backed up by the existence of an infrastructure which supports the practical application of knowledge, social cohesion and the global growth of Europe's economic competitiveness.
It is important for recognised expenditure not to be limited to replacing existing buildings with new ones, but also to include the renovation of existing residential buildings.
The statistics indicate that just 7% of European farmers are below the age of 35 while, at the same time, 4.5 million farmers are due to retire in the next 10 years.
Therefore, there is not even a case.
As regards the role of the Danube Strategy in developing tourism, it can contribute to levelling out socio-economic differences in Europe, to create jobs and to encourage cultural dialogue and knowledge of the rich European cultural, ethnic and natural heritage in the region.
in writing. - The European Union is the world's biggest economy.
These provide a solution to the climate crisis, while also revitalising the economy through creating new jobs.
It is thanks to you also that we found these solutions and many of them form part of my report.
Who will speak on Europe's behalf in Mexico?
It is important that we show that the trading system is truly open and that we help the poorest countries as much as possible to eradicate poverty.
Moreover, I cannot help but think that throughout the dark years, the Community's very existence, and not just its material prosperity, always stood as a reference point and a beacon for the peoples living under the communist yoke.
As I said during the part-session last October, the European Police College has noble objectives - to promote common European policing standards and strengthen the rule of law and legislation.
The European Parliament has maintained a united and firm position with regard to this genuine recognition of patients' needs in Europe, which represents a first step towards strengthening their right to access safe and high quality healthcare in Europe.
Trade preferences for Pakistan at this time may perhaps help stop that happening.
If we look closer at this case, we can immediately see that it is a classic case for the EGF, namely the provision of remedial assistance.
In fact, we use the southern countries as suppliers of samples of new strains of viruses, free of charge, so we can improve treatment in northern countries, but we do not provide an effective response to these problems.
in writing. - (ES) This budget will not help to resolve the economic, social and environmental problems facing the European Union which have been aggravated by the crisis.
Insofar as measures fall under national competence - and of course some of them are under national responsibility -this competence should be exercised in coherence with the overall Union framework.
Therefore, I would, in particular, like to urgently call on the EU embassies to take in people who manage to flee to these embassies and help them to get to safer countries and to find sufficient support there to start a new life.
There are no easy solutions or prescriptions, but we urge everyone to be aware that the only solution is a political solution, one which emphasises a strong engagement with Afghan institutions and citizens in their country's development which will have an effect over the long term by creating stable prerequisites for halting opium production and eliminating poverty.
I believe that we actually need to strike a balance between the two and then see where it takes us.
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has a specific financial impact on some European institutions.
I think that is a good basis for our negotiations with the Council.
What we need is a concrete commitment from the Commission to safeguard animal welfare, to protect producers who have adapted their system of rearing to Council Directive 1999/74/EC, and, at the same time, to effectively guarantee the passage of the new legislation, avoiding distortions in terms of market competition.
I only intend to discuss the substance.
I welcome, however, the invitation to the Commission to introduce guidelines and to encourage the exchange of best practice.
The subject of eugenic practices is one such subject which, through the adoption of Amendment 15, was included in this resolution.
A new direction needs to be taken in many areas, not only by the Commission President, but also by us.
The European Union immediately mobilised resources to tackle the most pressing problems.
I believe that all countries of the Western Balkans will support the recognition of this day.
I think that you could make still more progress in reporting, in measuring these non-financial benefits, which are at the very heart of your action and of your legitimacy.
In this regard, regional policy must retain financial resources at least equivalent to those of the current period.
(DE) Madam President, Mr Barroso, Mr Van Rompuy, if the 2020 strategy is to succeed it must - unlike the Lisbon Strategy - actually be implemented.
Perhaps Mr Wilders' banning had something to do with the alleged threat by a British peer, Lord Ahmed, that, were Mr Wilders to appear in the House of Lords, 10 000 Islamist demonstrators would appear outside.
It is a problem with the microphone.
(EL) Madam President, indeed, as my honourable friends have said, only 11 Member States out of 27 have ratified this very important convention banning the use, production, storage and transportation of cluster munitions.
I have also said loud and clear: we must find solutions enabling us to communicate and interact.
We do want a compromise with the Council, of course, but not at all costs.
The EU must commit itself to combating piracy and doing everything within its power not only to analyse its causes and consequences, but also to mobilise all Somali and international forces that are available and equipped to deal with it.
I happen to be the rapporteur for this area and I would be pleased to see the Council gradually starting to move on this issue, because it is important to establish in principle that public security is a public matter and must be financed at least in part from public funds.
So far, it has completed proceedings against 116 accused with very different verdicts.
Sometimes we see politicians and diplomats negotiating.
Thank you very much.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, we have just heard from Linda McAvan that she and the Commission share the same view of how important it is actually to tackle emissions from transport; that is also reflected in the White Paper on transport which will be coming out today.
(HU) Mr President, last year I protested against religious fanaticism and the persecution of Christian minorities, and I am doing the same again this year.
Lastly, I call for the adoption of Amendment 2, which calls on the Commission to launch an initiative on the energy performance of existing buildings in 2011.
We want to address segmentation as a major challenge of the current European labour market, and we put forward a very concrete example: the open-ended contract, which can help.
It is too early to assess its full application.
Firstly, I have a request for the entire House. It refers to an urgent matter which we will be discussing this afternoon.
It should provide immediate, free and unlimited access to South Ossetia to members of the EU Monitoring Mission and international agencies, including the UN, so that they are able to supervise the ceasefire and deliver humanitarian aid.
In a democratic system, it is a decision that must be taken by parliament, and one which must be discussed in depth to give the final outcome sufficient legitimacy.
We need a new strategy - or maybe we just need any strategy at all - on the civilian side because, until now, the EU intervention in that country has not had enough coherence and seems to have had a very limited impact.
(2) we have included the concept of energy poverty and have called on the Member States to include steps to tackle energy poverty in the national energy action plans and not only to make sure that the most vulnerable customers receive the energy they need, but also to ban the disconnection of these customers at critical times; and
This is where any international agreements made will be delivered.
However, it also has many positive characteristics, which is why it is used in both medicine and research, for research into materials, for sterilisation and for power generation.
Concerning the possibility of macro-financial assistance, there are many countries among the countries which have the potential to become Member States, which are candidates or potential candidates, which have requested this.
Moreover, immediately after the tragedy in Japan, Russia and Belarus signed an agreement giving a green light to build the plant in Belarus.
Are we giving you enough room for manoeuvre?
(SV) Mr President, Sudan is currently in a very sensitive phase ahead of independence day on 9 July this year, when Sudan will be divided into two states.
Secondly, the European Social Fund (ESF) is an essential European tool in combating poverty.
in writing. - (SV) We are strongly critical of the reasoning behind the establishment of a Globalisation Fund.
In addition, the first call for proposals on eco-innovation pilot and market replication projects was published in 2008 to carry out actions in the fields of recycling, the food and drink sector, buildings and green business.
However, I do have reservations about the languages to be used.
I would like to underline that the procedure put in place by the two future regulations is devised in such a way as to ensure the integrity of Community law.
In Romania, although the official rate is below the European average, a 1% increase in the unemployment rate was recorded last year, reaching 5.3%.
We agree that fiscal discipline will require strong rules and strong implementation, but we must also align this with the proper implementation of the Europe 2020 objectives in each country, and that must be reflected in the legislation.
The wounds of this area are healing slowly.
Other policies may offer key elements or even better options for effective solutions.
On the other hand, Europe has been inundated with cheap goods from the Far East, the manufacture of which has, in many cases, involved the exploitation of workers.
We have consistently said that this is an extremely complex issue.
I think that rulings of this kind may also create a certain bad atmosphere, where some symbols and emphases are open to misinterpretation.
I would repeat, once again, that European personal data should only be transferred to third countries if two fundamental principles have been considered: necessity and proportionality.
In this regard, firstly, I would like to make a brief comment about early childhood education.
I welcome the report's recommendations with regard to improving the transparency of the system whereby loans are provided through the EIB's financial intermediaries.
The European Union has a right and a duty to carry out preventive activities and intermediary missions, since the European Union is a project to create peace, a task it has been carrying out for the past 50 years.
Protocol on the Accession of Liechtenstein to the EC/Switzerland Agreement for establishing the State responsible for examining asylum requests (
Portugal applied for assistance from the Solidarity Fund after unusual and abnormal rainfall on the island of Madeira in February 2010 triggered landslides and flooding, causing severe damage to local public and private infrastructure, businesses and agriculture.
Moreover, if newspaper publishers sit in our offices and express their concerns, we should be allowed to bring up those concerns here.
There is huge scope for cooperation in this area.
Video games are now the favourite recreational activity of young people in Europe and beyond.
I also expect that the plan will include a reassessment of priorities in the area of stem cell research.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, I should like to thank Mr Silva Peneda for having detailed in his report the fact that the Commission was not proposing concrete measures to offset the social and health consequences of the ecological and climate crises.
You now have the opportunity to say something on this subject.
I also propose, on behalf of my group, an amendment which reflects this extra responsibility.
There were moments when we had some hope - rather more at the beginning - but hope has now faded away.
I will however raise the question again with all of the interior ministers at the next JHA Council at the start of June.
Since the Agency has refused a full five of the 18 recommendations, however, it seems that even the will required for this is lacking.
I would also like to thank you for a very good discussion today.
The regional policy is not a charity policy, but an EU policy intended for all regions, which will generate economic growth, innovation and competitiveness, making it an instrument available to every Member State.
In practice, therefore, I would like the improvements in the energy performance of buildings mainly to benefit this last category of citizens.
To return to where I began, Parliament has an historic opportunity today to give its assent to the first examples of a new generation of agreements that safeguard our special relationship with the ACP; agreements based on genuine partnership, not paternalism; that harness trade as the motor of development; that promote and encourage the regional integration that will help ACP countries flourish in a globalised world; that are flexible in terms of content, respectful of tradition, and are the latest manifestation of this long-standing trade relationship built on a respect for sovereign states. In short, they are the future and I hope, on that basis, Members will give their assent.
In this sense, the report suggests a single strategic framework for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD), the European Social Fund (ESF) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF).
The European Parliament approved the provisions set out in this Green Paper, but the EU's strategy on forests should be strengthened, the objective being to improve the management and conservation of forests.
Some countries which were hesitant could now knock on the door of the euro area.
Prices have been influenced not only by climate change but also by speculation on international markets.
Madam President, Articles 81, 101 and 102 all deal with these issues, under cartels, price fixing, predatory pricing, etc. Certainly it is something that we should be concerned about, but often, it is difficult to prove that they actually exist.
In the case of the European Arrest Warrant (EAW), we now know that this has problems and has caused doubts.
Mr President, we cannot approach this with a hot head and cold blood, but only with a clear head, a clear heart and a clear vision.
The compromise that we have reached is a well-balanced one and is in line with the 2007 proposal.
Taking note of what has happened in recent weeks regarding the so-called currency war, I think the European Union has done a good job and has been able to defend a balanced position, which means that exchange rates should reflect the economic fundamentals and that we do not need to have recourse to competitive devaluation.
(The President cut off the speaker)
We need not only a geographical network, but also a conceptual network between the modes of transport, better intermodal links and better technical work being carried out on the networks.
Announcement by the President
The effects of February's disaster made themselves felt straight away, and extensive and severe damage was caused to public and private infrastructure, businesses and crops.
I still think that that will be the most efficient way of trying to regulate this, but then, of course, it is very important that we have our own systems up and running, working as efficiently and as business-friendly as possible, so that they can see that it actually works and that, in the end, it also benefits their possibility of providing innovation.
Over 80 fatalities is a bad signal for the building of Kyrgyzstan.
These rights are necessary so that people can express their views, in other words, enjoy the freedom of opinion, the right to free assembly and freedom of speech without being labelled as fascists, as actually happened here today in this chamber, or shot in the eye, intimidated by police brutality, maltreated, put in prison or subjected to sham criminal proceedings.
It recommends that the State Parties to the Geneva Conventions (which includes Ireland) should prosecute those responsible for these policies and their implementation.
The only important points that the report makes are the acknowledgements that 'the financial sector should meet the needs of the real economy, help to promote sustainable growth and display the greatest possible degree of social responsibility', and that 'during the recent financial crisis, many financial institutions around the world failed at great cost to the taxpayer'.
The situation is very dynamic, however.
Thanks to the positive CO2 balance of the new Member States, the emissions of the EU27 have already decreased by 17% compared with the 1990 level.
As regards the privatisation of services, I still think it is more efficient to carry out a prospective study, without any preconceived idea, and to decide according to the result.
Mass statelessness and minority protection still constitute a topical issue in two of the region's Member States: Latvia and Estonia.
by Mr Fjellner, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training for the financial year 2007 (C6-0427/2008 -,
The launch of the new website at the start of 2009 is a welcome measure.
Moreover, the need for socio-economic adjustments due to the ageing of their populations and the current economic crisis means that they are both facing similar situations and have similar priorities in terms of research, development and innovation.
I believe that the tax system must remain under the competence of each Member State, and it is consequently inappropriate to oblige the Commission to put forward a set of proposals on a fully fledged common European system of taxation.
We are, of course, in favour of this and have therefore voted in favour of discharge and of the resolution as a whole.
As far as I know, the legal dispute has been resolved and the parties have settled out of court.
No mention has been made of the last 20% automatically turning the second 20% into 25% simply because it was adopted later and is now being addressed by the Commission.
This will prevent any kind of health tourism.
You might, I suppose, call the original parliamentary assembly a 'dimension', but not this parliament.
We should also bear in mind the changes that the Lisbon Treaty - if and when it enters into force - will bring about on this important issue.
We need only look at information coming in from several Member States, and also the increased threat levels in a number of countries, such as France and Spain.
Today, the justification is humanitarian aid to Pakistan.
The nature of the work by the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) is very important in this area, as it allows the various Member States to create an international knowledge and information base.
The commitment to consolidation needs to become stronger in good times.
We will achieve success if the Member States identify with the work they undertake and responsibility for it is devolved to authorities at the appropriate level.
If and when the Ecolabel is extended to food sometime in the future, to fish for example, it will be important that the criteria do not just cover the way the food has been produced but also the other environmental effects associated with it, such as transport.
We pin great hopes on the reformulated 2020 strategy as well as on the reformulation of the equal opportunity strategy.
We believe, for example, that it would be very useful to the livestock sector to review the current ban on the use of animal meal for non-ruminants, for example, for the avian and fisheries sectors.
(HU) Thank you very much, Mr President.
There is a broad consensus in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs that financial services must form an integral part of this regulation in order to make it truly horizontal, that it should be coordinated with sectoral legislation at EU and national level so that there are no gaps, and that specialist advice should be sought.
We are well aware of the difficulties confronting trade unionism in Colombia, and the continued killings of, and threats against, union leaders and members.
I agree that we should try to find ways to make it more permanent and to involve more Member States.
Europe's share of the world's population is 7%, down from 25% a century ago.
However, the institutional commitment displayed by Italy, Spain, Greece and Morocco cannot be limited solely to achieving this prestigious recognition.
I would like to emphasise that if we want to debate these issues, it is necessary to deepen some of our insights considerably, at least with regard to some of the points.
Or does this only take place at the Member State level?
There are many issues to tackle, some of which I have already mentioned.
Commissioner, I too should like to add my voice to the voices of my fellow Members who spoke about the need for closer interinstitutional cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament.
Parsimony today may lead to all kinds of expenses tomorrow.
Therefore, I would appeal once again for the borders to be opened to allow the assistance to be provided.
I would just like to mention a couple of examples: Let us consider the refuse crisis in Naples.
That is why we have been so strongly committed to ensuring that the Copenhagen process leads to this legally binding agreement.
You have succeeded in that, and you have my congratulations.
It is not a question of knowing if the European Union will help the Italian Government but to know if we are ready to act as a continent to face a continental risk.
We know that fishery resources are finite and that intensive fishing means there is no time for the exploited populations to reproduce in sufficient numbers.
I believe that this is important.
It was not an invention of the Commission.
Through this proposal for a directive, the European Union is aiming to attack the entire supply chain of an inhumane trade that tramples on its principles and founding values.
I hope that that will not actually come to pass.
We have good reason to assume, as mentioned by several people, that the French Gendarmerie, as well as other European states, have not stopped the collection of ethnic data yet.
On the other hand, the Agency has already given its assurance that it will pay particular attention to these difficulties; moreover, it has ensured maximum transparency by providing the Annual Internal Audit Report.
The economic crisis has helped increase the unemployment rate to 10%.
I do think the compliance costs would outweigh the benefits of their inclusion in this particular piece of legislation.
I hope we arrive unscathed: financially, economically, ecologically, demographically, even in terms of energy, migration and security, and not forgetting globalisation, the food problem, the fight to preserve our social model - in all these fields we are in the throes of transition.
Today, then, we must go further.
Documents received: see Minutes
Europe must do more and not less to overcome economic and social differences in development.
The beginning of this year has seen already far too much bloodshed around the world.
Establishing their reliability objectively would mean auditing 100% of tax returns at all times, involving the handing over of all the supporting documents.
Climate deregulation, halting the loss of biodiversity and combating poverty: these three challenges, and the responses needed to face up to them, are intimately linked.
Citizens are not able to say 'I accept that because I know what the money has been used for'.
We all have a responsibility to bring this to the attention of those authorities, and our government will be making an individual application and then liaise with the regional authorities.
The Socialists - apparently not only the Hungarian, but also the European Socialists - have not been able to swallow the decision of the Hungarian citizens, so they take every opportunity to attack the Hungarian Government.
On the questions of energy, energy security, climate change, and the European Union's role in the process: it should be obvious to everyone that if the European Union's leadership on the issue of climate change - whatever my own views on the subject - does not gain support from economies and major players such as the USA, the Russian Federation, Brazil, India and China, then this initiative by the European Union is isolated, a voice in the wilderness and, on a global scale, worthless.
The European Union must give Ukraine an alternative European vision.
So we have to reflect on what would be a good way of combining these two.
1.
Then we will negotiate on this matter again with the Council.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I would like to thank all the Members who took part in the debate.
My specific proposal is as follows: let us turn this EUR 5 billion into EUR 50 billion without increasing the budget.
I am grateful for being allowed to take the floor.
Now, Mrs Ashton, the great challenge is to articulate and identify a European response, mainly at the London Conference.
I believe we have achieved a good compromise in this second reading, even if - as is always the case with compromises, of course - not all sides are satisfied.
This often results from the fact that workers do not feel that the balance between freedom and security is protected or that it needs to be restored in many areas.
The budget review is an invitation to, and the opening of, the hot budgetary season in the European Union.
in writing. - (NL) It continues to be a remarkable fact that we in this institution cling onto the Lisbon illusion come what may.
I agree.
The UN Declaration of the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities, as well as the constitution of the People's Republic of China, must be respected, even by Beijing.
The adopted rules will ensure clearer and more transparent regulations for European citizens, and will also mean they can benefit more quickly from innovative products.
The world has changed.
This report consists of the best content-free rhetoric I have seen this year and, for this reason, I cannot support it.
We need the White Paper as soon as possible, Commissioner.
Just what can we really call a minority though, in today's sense, and can the states agree and draw up uniform criteria?
Only through coordinated action can we successfully overcome the effects of the global economic crisis.
The fear of knowing one has the disease and of having to live with a stigma is still very prevalent.
Perhaps then, one day, we will be in a position to say that the EU has guaranteed equal rights between men and women and abolished gender discrimination in the labour market.
Apart from this, we must not forget that one of the biggest challenges in Europe in the medium- and long-term is the demographic situation.
There is no military solution.
Therefore, the European Union should continue providing financial and technical assistance to them in order to promote these principles within the framework of political conditionality.
Let us break through to the next step in integration - the creation of an economic union, the creation of a social union, the creation of a defence and security union, and let us make the internal market the home market of all our citizens.
Commissioner Almunia, you said that there are proposals in place for hedge funds.
OLAF provides intelligence to its partners about the emerging threats and cooperates with Member States, so this is really an area of international cooperation.
(ES) Madam President, I would also like to take the opportunity of this debate to highlight a subject of great concern, a situation that we became aware of just a few days ago that relates to Colombia.
I think that this may be better achieved if the EGAF is targeted at unemployed people who come from the same region or neighbouring regions and even from different Member States, if they share a common border.
What is your feeling, Mr Fischer, about this instrument and what is your assessment of the Troika, which is already the first sign of a stable presidency of the European Union?
It is an opportunity not only to remember the fall of the Iron Curtain, but also to draw lessons from the totalitarian past across Europe as a whole.
I would like to underline the importance of public procurement contracts in promoting environmental standards in buildings and transport, and the potential that this has to improve energy efficiency and therefore reduce carbon emissions, operating costs and air pollution.
We emphasise the urgent need for a real plan to support the production and creation of jobs with rights in the countries of the European Union.
Yet I also simply accept the decision - as you have to see the facts as they are and this is what has been decided - and I would say to the other Members that we must limit these measures.
I think in the fight against climate change, nearly all the emphasis up until now has been put on renewable energy which is obviously very important.
I should like firstly to thank Mr Popa, who has done an excellent job of trying to reach a compromise that is acceptable to us all, despite the extreme positions adopted on this issue by some members of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance.
Thank you for your comment.
Therefore, it is essential to ensure that citizens receive prompt and substantive responses to their enquiries, complaints and petitions.
National rules are better suited to combating match-fixing fraud, although this type of fraud cannot be eliminated entirely, as demonstrated by some recent examples in Germany.
Which producers are we talking about, though?
The UN special rapporteur on the human rights situation in Burma concluded last March that 'human rights violations are the result of a state policy that involves authorities in the executive, military and judiciary at all levels' and that these human rights violations 'may entail categories of crimes against humanity or war crimes under the terms of the [Rome] Statute of the International Criminal Court'.
It is scheduled to be adopted by the Council before the summer.
Let there be no misunderstanding about that.
The Stabilisation and Association Agreement, signed in 2008, provides for the establishment of a free trade area between the EU and Serbia and offers a prospect of this country's accession to the EU.
We could use the scale of public procurement across the EU to give a real boost to energy efficiency and this means local jobs, jobs that cannot be outsourced, jobs for SMEs and real savings for both industry and households.
The European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS) does, in fact, offer companies an opportunity to invest in safety in a coordinated and interoperable manner.
Is this another case of Tory double-speak, where they speak out against the acts of the European Union here but endorse them back home in our own parliament?
Citizens' initiative (
The proposal for a regulation adopted by the Commission on 30 January 2010 is aimed at simplifying the existing regulatory framework, bringing the three existing directives on naming and labelling textile products together in a single regulation.
Mr President, last year's mission letter from President Barroso to Professor Monti asked him to take 'a fresh look at how the market and social dimensions of an integrated European economy can be mutually strengthened'.
Parliament has to ratify agreements and international fisheries agreements.
This is an important stage that we have reached.
rapporteur. - (EL) Madam President, Directive 2002/15/ΕC really did need revising and, following a report which it was obliged to present, the European Commission tabled suitable amendments to help this industry, in order to safeguard the health and safety of its workers and, at the same time, to facilitate healthy competition.
As I do not wish to begin the next debate, we are going to be conducting the catch-the-eye procedure until the President's eye drops out or everyone on the list has spoken.
I supported the needs of potential beneficiaries and succeeded in ensuring that they were taken into account and adapted to the needs expressed in our regions.
We have asked for this many times.
We have reiterated the most important principles in our report which should underscore our foreign policy.
It is not necessarily the taste, nor is it just the price; it is, above all, the health standards that exist within the European Union and that do not necessarily exist in the third countries exporting their meat.
This will help to alter the current absurd and unfair situation, where the amount of support can differ by up to a factor of as much as six, thereby putting farmers from several Member States in unequal circumstances and distorting competition between European farmers.
I also hope that the necessary discussions on energy infrastructure and cross-border cooperation - the supply side of energy - will not distract from discussion about the demand side of energy, which is equally important.
In Amendment 22 the Commission is asked to produce by the end of 2010 a comparative study analysing advantages and weaknesses of both the systems of exchange of information and of the withholding tax.
Last but not least, the European Union must invest in research and in the sustainable development of European industry.
We already have this strategy.
Certainly, it is no longer acceptable to allow immigration to be a problem shouldered only by the border countries of the Mediterranean basin.
As I have had the honour of explaining to you on behalf of a number of my colleagues, this Rule provides for the non-attached Members to appoint one of their own as a delegate to the Conference of Presidents.
In so doing, we should support all those who want to be closer to the western world.
Its marketing is intended fundamentally for the production of pharmaceutical products, solvents and auxiliary products, paint strippers and adhesives.
I am very pleased to see today that Sweden will be able to retain its current exemptions, at least for a transitional period, which will allow us to ensure that these diseases do not enter our country.
Training, which I have mentioned, focuses especially on the fact that if we wish to care for someone who is perhaps close to us, and with whom we have an emotional bond, then despite all our efforts and goodwill, caring for another person is actually, in a sense, a specialised field.
What is the price paid for a lack of social security?
If Israel does not want to negotiate directly with Hamas, it is up to the EU to work to ensure that others talk to Hamas.
I honour life and I also respect the principle of subsidiarity in relationships with developing countries.
I voted in favour of the draft legislative resolution of the European Parliament on the joint proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and the Council concerning statistics on pesticides, which was approved by the Conciliation Committee, because in my view, it will bring significant benefits.
in writing. - One of the most pressing challenges in the current economic climate is that of youth unemployment.
However, the decisive factor is not what we put on paper in Parliament's committees, in the Commission and in the Council, but what actually happens on the ground.
To conclude, I would like to thank you all again, and I hope that today's work is not the end of the story, but that we may be able to achieve even greater goals.
author. - Mr President, Azerbaijan is, regrettably, a one-party, semi-authoritarian state where political opposition to the dynastic rule of the Aliyev family is barely tolerated.
Only on the subject of emission standards for large combustion plants do I believe the report still falls short.
As is all too often the case when rail accidents happen, remarks alleging a link between European rules or regulations and the accidents have been made.
(PL) Mr President, thanks to the Lisbon Treaty, Europe can take up challenges which extend far beyond the internal problems of Member States.
The first problem is probably building an acceptable sanitation system.
The area of living donations has been the most challenging.
In today's Europe, where more than 50% are women, they are still under-represented in politics.
The Council has decided to return to this topic in its June meeting, in order to further define its position in relation to ongoing international negotiations.
What we have to do is to persuade and help developing countries to invest in agriculture and to abide by their own declarations that 10% of the national budget will be designated to the development of agriculture.
According to the official report, Muslim populations are set to rise by 35%, from 1.6 billion to 2.2 billion, over the next twenty years.
However, the question is whether, in return for this 200 billion, the military capabilities of the European Union Member States really reflect that investment, as is the case in the United States.
The report proposes extending the scope of the Commission's initial proposal, which we think is correct, especially in important aspects such as the financial regulation and the presentation of concrete proposals to simplify the calculation of average staff costs and to abolish time-recording mechanisms, including timesheets.
Indeed, we must not forget that approximately 17% of European families are now living below the poverty line and one child in five is poor.
Increased use of this mode of transport makes a very positive contribution to achieving the objectives set out in the 'Europe 2020' Strategy.
We already have everything in place to expand renewable energy and the technology to improve energy efficiency.
It is also of the utmost importance that we introduce a degree of harmonisation as regards the handling of biometric data, because a chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
Why are they voting for Hamas?
The presence of this safety threat in the sky forced national authorities to take decisions, in accordance with the relevant procedures developed at international level, to close off all affected airspace.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (Germany) (
Last year, I welcomed Turkey's participation in the Nabucco project with the signing of the intergovernmental agreement.
I support a significant reduction in VAT rates, particularly with regard to the construction of housing, as well as thermo-insulation and renovation projects, primarily, though not solely, with the aim of protecting jobs and ensuring social cohesion.
One of the main objectives of future financial frameworks is to establish instruments to take the EU 2020 strategy to the grassroots level.
I shall also pay special attention to the mechanisms used to establish origin, so that this does not become a competitive disadvantage for European producers against their competitors.
By taking into account only economic activity - wealth creation - and being useful, therefore, in determining economic growth, it does not cover parameters as important as wealth distribution, social inequalities, the quality of goods and services, non-commercial transactions or even outcomes not recorded by the market, which are essential to the assessment of development and progress.
I consider these measures to be absolutely necessary.
The RoHS Directive, adopted in 2003, was intended to gradually eliminate a first series of hazardous substances, and it has allowed for a reduction in the amount of substances which are disposed of and potentially released into the environment.
2.
8.
Over half of all investments in the public sector are being made at regional level, so local authorities are becoming the main participants in the realisation of the current Lisbon Strategy, and in the future of the EU 2020 strategy.
This current year, the parties will be receiving financial support worth a total of EUR 17.4 million, and the foundations will get EUR 11.4 million.
It is not just a budget.
We hope that the President and her country will achieve this with the support of the European Union.
I think this sends a strong signal, not only to Colonel Gaddafi and his regime, but also to those countries in the world where human rights violations are frequent and widespread.
I would also like to mention the attack on the Prime Minister of Italy, Silvio Berlusconi.
We welcome the announcement by the ROK President Lee Myung-bak that despite this violent act he intends to avoid escalation on the Korean island.
The new text provides for a minimum period of maternity leave for self-employed women and wives of self-employed workers throughout the European Union.
The answer is 'no'.
Whilst we have to speed up our processes, the fact is that the joint action of the 27 - unparalleled anywhere in the world - provides the best possible foundation for our joint future in an ever more interlinked world.
They must not feel guilt or shame.
Slovakia, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania all requested assistance from the European Union in order to be able to help those in need by drawing on the Solidarity Fund.
I should like to thank Mrs Muscardini for the tenacity of her work and all the other fellow Members who have worked on this issue.
The reform process is based on the action plan approved by all the members of the FAO in 2008.
I should like to offer my congratulations on the excellent work carried out by Mrs Matias.
The challenges of the months ahead are very clear.
We live on a continent where certain values are still a core concern and are not too greatly affected by globalisation.
But - however nice things are, there is always a 'but' - I first of all want to raise the question of security.
The present Eurovignette applies the 'user pays' principle.
How to harmonise the cohesion and the structural policies?
Mr President, we now see what is meant by European economic governance, by fiscal federalism.
Mexico organised a participative and transparent conference.
The voice of Europe needs to be heard loud and strong there.
Nevertheless, as Mr Őry observed, the Commission can only impose itself in areas where it has exclusive competence and, as I have said, it has done this.
Quality information is very important and contributes to improved healthcare conditions.
This is also true of Bosnia and Herzegovina; in the case of the conditions that apply to them, there will be no shortcuts or bargain discounts, and if anyone assumes there will, he or she is wrong.
It is simply a response to a new function, a new role.
Finally, on the sidelines there has been some dispute over the predictability of earthquakes;
Today, and for 20 years now, for which I praise God, we do not have a Ministry of Internal Trade in Poland and we do have internal trade.
Anyone who thought that we had already achieved enough in foreign policy will now surely have learnt otherwise in the light of Copenhagen.
These programmes are very important as during their early years, children have a particular ability to learn things, and they can determine children's entire educational and professional paths.
Please let us know those concessions have been secured.
For all these reasons, we would ask the Council to urge the United Nations, and particularly the Security Council, to extend the Tribunal's mandate by at least two years, to see to it that after this period, a reception mechanism is provided for and to ensure that the Tribunal's archives are kept and made accessible.
I would like to answer all the major points that have been raised as questions or comments and observations concerning the annual growth survey, the Economic Semester and Europe 2020 in general.
I have often said, though, that the common fisheries policy is a bit like an oil tanker: it takes a considerable time to turn round, and I do believe that the control regulation will go a long way to achieving the necessary level playing field where enforcement and sanctions are concerned, just as the development of regional advisory councils shall do much to bring improvements in other respects.
The EU also wishes to deepen its relations with Tajikistan, thereby contributing to the security, stability and economic progress of this country and the development and consolidation of its democratic institutions, as well as to the protection of human rights and the rule of law.
Are we facing the threat of an Orwellian total censorship of the Internet?
With these functions available, I believe that European diplomacy should be able to play a more active and decisive role in defending the EU's basic interests, which also concerns energy security.
The citizens' initiative was a very important part of the Treaty of Lisbon being passed in Ireland a little over a year ago, but it did seem for a while that the whole process would be stymied by complication and regulation.
This is impossible in global, in currency management, whether it is an optimal currency zone or not.
The size of the task meant that a united effort was required.
Finally, ladies and gentlemen, there will also be conferences and events on the subject of water during the term of the Hungarian Presidency, such as the conference on the future of European freshwater resources, which will be held between 23 and 25 March in Budapest, in conjunction with the informal meeting of ministers for the environment.
I will, of course, report to you the results next time we meet in the plenary sitting in Brussels.
The Union has very important economic and financial interests in these countries, and these should not be forgotten, but most importance of all should be attached to matters related to energy.
We met many groups who are fighting for human, political and workers' rights.
Mr Doorn's report has certainly facilitated such an improvement.
We in the West need to respect their values and cultures while providing financial assistance.
For instance, the Commission should speed up its work on an EU action plan on gender equality.
There cannot be a return to the status quo ante, and I think we could do a number of things here.
Member States must coordinate their actions so that we speak with a single voice on the global stage.
We must organise a donor conference and, above all, we should not be scared.
So far, this proposition has fallen on deaf ears, indicating that it is true after all: new Member States do indeed count as second-class members of the European Union.
In this European year 2010 for combating poverty, I am convinced that a framework directive on minimum income could have served as a reference text for national policies and legislation.
Improving the Euromed trade agreement may contribute towards economic and political stability in this region with a view to consolidating a single space governed by values such as peace, justice, equality, freedom and democracy.
This is why it is no less urgent to continue delivering a sustainable and responsible financial sector, at the service of the economy and its citizens.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 6 May 2010.
We therefore expect the Commission to respond to our call for it to maintain the flow of information and to provide the responsible committee with comprehensive information about the intention to propose negotiations with a view to concluding and amending international air agreements, so that Parliament as a whole can express its opinion in full knowledge of the facts.
I have not yet managed to look at all the amendments, but I think the resolution tabled is very good.
We know very well that prohibitions, sanctions and doing without achieve very little.
Therefore, Mr President, I think you know that no nuclear fuel repositories have been built and spent fuel rods will be kept in the reactor, reducing nuclear safety in the region.
The children draw the covers over their heads, putting their fingers in their ears and closing their eyes, trying to shut out what they know will happen.
It is not even possible to say with certainty whether the opening of new flight connections is increasing the number of overnight stays or whether, on the contrary, new flight connections are a result of increasing demand on the part of travellers.
For all Ukraine's European orientation, we must not forget or disregard that country's deep-seated roots in Russia's sphere of influence, and we must take that into consideration.
The majority in this House are not deviating from their choice of neoliberalism; instead, they are intensifying it, hoping that new steps will emerge from this summit towards greater 'economic integration' and the establishment of the 'transatlantic market'.
(The sitting was opened at 09.00)
We believe that there is a need to strengthen market surveillance.
Equally clearly, this will not happen overnight.
Natural disasters have certainly been occurring with increasingly severity in recent times.
I welcome an agreement with Canada going beyond the WTO commitments and being complementary to multilateral rules, provided that the negotiations produce a balanced, ambitious, high-quality agreement that goes well beyond tariff reductions, and other tools begin to be applied.
Parliament therefore does well to forcefully denounce the human rights violations and the lack of democracy.
I think that these are good points in the current context, in which we need greater unity and solidarity in order to face the challenges before us.
In fact, in my opinion, EU membership is the glue which binds the region together in peace and stability.
Those two texts would be nothing without this one, however.
The more money is wasted on things like this, the more likely it is that the programmes will fail and that the European economy will find itself in a very dangerous downward spiral.
The next item is the report by Mr Guerreiro, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the CFP and the ecosystem approach to fisheries management.
Mr President, I am not in favour of taking fingerprints from small children or even tiny babies.
Then there was another thing that I would like to highlight.
To finish, Madam President, I hope that many of my fellow Members will heed the voice of reason and vote for Amendment 28 by my group, which will lead to no less than allowing the Member States a free choice between withholding tax and exchange of information.
The position of the Nepalese Government vis-à-vis the elections to the Tibetan Government in exile clearly tells us who is the real global player in this region.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, Commissioners, honourable Members, on behalf of the Council, allow me to thank the Parliamentary rapporteurs who have invested so much effort working on the various dossiers needed to implement the European External Action Service: Mrs Gräßle and Mr Rivellini for the Financial Regulation, Mr Rapkay for the Staff Regulations and Mr Gualtieri and Mr Surján for the Draft amending budget 2010.
It is now that we need to do this.
Therefore, let us not be mistaken, let us not cheat: we have an historical responsibility to this species, and to the people and the families who depend on it for their livelihood.
What happened to a delegation from Parliament is also completely unacceptable.
I welcome the Commission's proposal to establish an alternative source of payment appropriations to unused European Social Fund resources, following Parliament's frequent reminders that the EGF was created as a separate, specific instrument with its own aims and deadlines, and that suitable budget lines for transfers must therefore be identified.
Taking into account evolutions in the situation and the need for a more differentiated approach to the model and risk management procedures, the Commission took the initiative, over the weekend of 17 and 18 April, with the Spanish Presidency and Eurocontrol, to propose a coordinated European approach.
On 29 October 2009, 187 of the UN member states voted to lift the embargo.
The DEVE Committee expressed its concern that humanitarian aid should not be instrumentalised under EEAS and advocates preserving the independence of DG ECHO.
Verification of credentials: see Minutes
The specific economic and spatial problems of mountainous regions require supra-national legal regulations to be put in place governing the objectives and principles of pursuing specific mountain policy in Member States and, more importantly, they require that a suitable level of financing be ensured for projects and programmes for those regions in particular.
I am working on the assumption that many of these significant and highly constructive contributions will be incorporated into the design of future regional policy.
For this reason, we justifiably expect the Hungarian Government to improve its financial and political support for the Slovenian minority.
The prospect of integration with the EU therefore leads the countries of this region to make additional efforts in implementing the reforms needed to reach the targets required for these countries to become full members of the EU.
Under no circumstances, however, can it be used as an alibi for redistributing resources between Member States and policies, such as the structural fund policies and the common agricultural policy, policies which, among other things, safeguard cohesion, employment, territorial convergence and the activation of public- and private-sector spending.
Despite this abundant debate, we have not been able to take any substantial steps towards concrete solution and I believe this is mainly due to us formally focusing on the technical term discrimination and not addressing the real reasons which are the cause of the current situation, in which our fellow Roma citizens live.
Gender mainstreaming in development cooperation is essential for promoting a more prosperous, fairer and richer society.
The EU sees this as an unacceptable situation, which is only exacerbated by the occupation of a large part of the territory of Cyprus.
Similarly, many young Europeans are being forced to accept temporary jobs because they cannot find permanent ones.
This report provides good guidance for legislative proposals, and I congratulate the rapporteur on that.
Finally, Mr President, to round off this debate, I should like to return to the topic of public investment, and come back to what my fellow Member, Mr Lamberts, was saying.
We believe that his nomination is a success for Italy, which he will be able to represent at a high level in one of the most prestigious European institutions.
I am also in favour of the European Commission launching a scientific study in order to better assess the effects of exposure to electromagnetic fields.
I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the structure and rates of excise duty applied to manufactured tobacco.
Like multilateral credit, an SDR issue involves relatively complex technical arrangements, including approvals from official IMF bodies, negotiations with participating countries and ratification of agreements by the national parliaments of member countries.
A freer world market for agricultural products would make it easier for people in poor countries to develop their agriculture.
in writing. - (DE) As the Committee on Legal Affairs' rapporteur for the European External Action Service, I would like to point out that, including as a result of its amendments to Article 6 of the High Representative's proposal, the report that has been agreed on today has absolutely no binding effect for me as rapporteur or for the European Parliament as a whole in the discussions on the adaptation of the Staff Regulations.
Following 11 September, great attention in the European Union was paid to the safety of passengers travelling by plane.
As I said, all this could have been covered by the Directive.
National energy policies have led Europe to a dead end with an extreme dependence on expensive imported fossil fuels.
I agree with the report's call for Iran to abolish definitively the death penalty for crimes committed before the age of 18 and to amend its legislation, which violates the international human rights conventions that Iran has ratified, including the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and call upon Iran to issue official statistics concerning the application of the death penalty.
I should explain that being in a big group is not everything it seems.
In January, the Commission organised seminars on the key elements of the reform and on rights-based fisheries management, and even today there is a seminar on small-scale fishing.
(BG) Mr President, Mr Swoboda, I would like to ask you a question.
This report, adopting an amendment I tabled, urges the new US Administration to ratify and accede to the Statute of the International Criminal Court.
This is not a matter for the World Trade Organisation: it is a matter of political will, and we can show that, and that is what will satisfy this Parliament, and that is the basis for agreement.
We, Parliament and the European Commission, must design this policy together, with maximum transparency.
Given the current situation, this creates even more difficulties.
We are also attached, by the way, to the protection of the right to sexual expression and orientation, as mentioned by Mrs Trüpel.
Europe should not be a club of fanatics rallying around one flag, even though you might be an ardent fan, but it should be a team representing different perspectives instead.
You fought for national self-determination.
Together with the other countries of Europe, we will be able to overcome the challenges we currently face.
Today, European small and medium-sized enterprises, in whose favour a resolution was approved during the last legislature on 5 February 2009 addressing the problems encountered in enabling them to internationalise, continue to encounter difficulties because they suffer from unfair competition from those non-EU producers that can export to Europe without an origin mark and European consumers are denied their right to an informed choice.
It is therefore quite right that governments who run their affairs wisely do not want to comply with these absurd demands.
In my opinion, respect for the rights of women, the only majority to be discriminated against, is particularly important.
They could either increase the administrative burden in a disproportionate manner - this is notably the case for the amendments aimed at extending the scope - or have an unfavourable impact on the effectiveness of the provisions.
But, more importantly, we will make sure that we give you more and more detail, because it is important that you look at the facts rather than the assertions that will have been made.
(Applause)
This matter should be thoroughly investigated.
I will defend this approach personally at the November Development Council, and the global financial crisis will be at the centre of my political concerns during the weeks ahead.
4.
It is the duty of Parliament to express its solidarity with the Japanese government following its threefold disaster - the earthquake, the tsunami and the nuclear accident - which has struck the country.
Europeans from La Palma, the Canaries and the rest of Europe are waiting for answers on this.
Thank you, Mrs Patrão Neves, for your comprehensive report, which determines the essential measures on which this reform should be based.
The Commission's 2008 Progress Report is helpful.
The Commission set up a Roma taskforce to analyse the use and effectiveness of EU and national funds in all Member States for Roma inclusion.
Thirdly, we need to commit to competitiveness.
The Commission financed a EUR 7 million project on the rule of law, including a component of EUR 1 million to fight corruption.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are facing a major challenge.
Your Amendment 81, rejecting the entire directive, comes with a quite frankly cynical justification attached, namely that the transposition of the directive apparently - and I quote - 'entails excessive bureaucracy'.
It is primarily Europe's soot emissions that are responsible for the significantly faster melting of the ice in the Arctic - they are borne there by the wind.
The country's interim leadership must also be given lofty praise for showing determination in defending the political reforms carried out in the country and for not using the clashes in Osh and Jalalabad to postpone the scheduled referendum.
Despite the fact that we have asked the Member States and other institutions to make cuts, we have doubled the expenditure in a number of areas for the European Parliament itself and for the EU institutions in general.
However, diversity should be celebrated.
I am always reticent when it comes to these sorts of reports.
The opening up of markets to airlines will provide improved services for passengers and cargo operators, and will bring great benefits in terms of the economy and of job creation.
I voted in favour of the report by our fellow Member, Mrs Ţicău, on transport applications of global navigation satellite systems.
I would ask: how many more general strikes, how many more demonstrations, how many more voices need to be heard before there is a climb-down, breaking the Brussels Consensus and respecting the people?
But, before even starting to think about this, the Commission would need to have the strong support of the whole European Parliament.
It is also a matter of urgency that illegal immigration be tackled through further harmonisation of national legislation and handling practices at local consular missions.
We should also propose in the future a reinforcement of the role played by Eurojust in resolving any conflicts and establish closer cooperation between Member States, also for the benefit of EU citizens.
There are 22 directives whose deadline for transposition expired more than two years ago.
During the Lisbon Treaty process, for better or for worse, they asked the citizens to trust them.
I say this because there are many other countries which have the same characteristics.
Otherwise, State aid is only helping perpetuate financial difficulties in the European Union.
Member States which have good control of their public finances and counter-cyclical fiscal policies have been able to provide financial incentives to help their economies exit the crisis.
As there has been no response from Burma, the EU has taken further action directed against those responsible for the judgment.
Let me conclude by saying that we need to impose a tax on financial speculation, which would increase our citizens' support for a well-financed Europe.
I believe that, once certain clauses in the current regulation in the sector have been removed, specifically those concerning the freedom to make up to 70% of sales through intermediaries selling several brands of car, the risk arises of increasing the dependency of the manufacturer intermediaries, restricting competition and limiting the options available to consumers on the European car market.
It must be an instrument to achieve our objectives, including as a consequence of the economic and financial crisis.
If the internal market is developed on this basis, we will give you our support and our policy will be moving in the right direction.
Mr President, I just wanted to add something about kinship care, and support to kinship carers.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I too wish to start by thanking the rapporteur, Mr Szymański, for a very good report.
Since various European countries are the 'destination' for such networks, I welcome this initiative to create a common framework for preventing and combating human trafficking at European level, an approach which stems from Parliament's proposal for a resolution, on which we voted on 10 February 2010.
A major omission in current EU energy policy is the failure to direct EU funds into an area that still ranks, despite the recession, as one of the top priorities for European governments and citizens.
That is why I welcome the firm approach announced by the European Commission, one which our Parliament is able to demonstrate today.
We must breathe life into the foundations on which the European Union is based.
For this is the best way to encourage self-employment, and rates of self-employment are still too low today.
The European Union is an active donor, working with non-governmental organisations and the United Nations' specialist agencies to provide funds for medical treatment, logistical support and the reconstruction of devastated areas.
I would like to express my satisfaction with the compromise that has been negotiated, which is going to remedy the deficiencies and inconsistencies of the current rules.
However, thousands have lost their jobs because of global economic conditions and it is unfair that they are disqualified because they do not work for big multinationals but for small and medium-sized businesses.
They attract a lot of money and are quite attractive to private aid efforts, since people feel they are giving to a cause that is being kept well under control.
Written explanations of vote
This crisis will only be overcome when those who have now become unemployed get their jobs back again, and when those who, as yet, have not had any work are able to work.
I am sorry to say that this also applies to my country, the Czech Republic, which, of course, wants to combat this more effectively, but for a long time has been resolving the issue of incorporating criminal liability of legal entities into its legislation.
Kosovo is an independent state and, whether this Parliament likes it or not, there is no going back.
It has been like this because some data 10 years ago indicated that this was the official production level.
We have heard here about us sending an ambassador to represent us around the world.
The Member States must be at least as ambitious and must make haste to act in the interests of human beings, the environment and industry and to take more action on waste recycling and reuse.
We therefore strongly support the centre-piece initiative of this Commission: the 2020 strategy.
I believe that these agreements are a positive step, not only because they draw a line under disputes in which the EU has been the losing party, with the ensuing consequences in economic and disciplinary terms and in terms of its institutional credibility as I already mentioned, but also because they lead to a balanced solution that respects the needs both of these ACP countries and of European producers in the outermost regions, who certainly cannot be abandoned to unbridled competition.
I would remind you that recently in Brussels Mr Lavrov criticised the Eastern partnership that we set up at the spring summit, just as Mr Putin reacted negatively to the gas agreement between the European Union and Ukraine.
But the debate is very important, albeit inadequate.
Therefore, I firmly believe that Member State governments need to do a lot more explaining of these matters with affected stakeholders, rather than taking the easy route of foisting the responsibility on the so-called Brussels bureaucrats.
in writing. - (LT) I voted in favour of this resolution on Sudan and South Sudan: The situation after the 2011 referendum.
Firstly, their intrinsic value in the recreation of cultural templates and in contributing to the construction of a common European identity.
The capitalist crisis has resulted in a spiralling deterioration in the living standards of the workers.
This relates not only to the available energy sources, but to the area as a whole, in particular, if we consider the religious orientation of the majority of the former republics of the Soviet Union.
In the previous part-session we debated the allocation of additional money for energy under the European Economic Recovery Plan.
Mr Trichet, if you really think that these families living on EUR 600 to 700 a month, or pensioners living on EUR 300 a month, should further reduce their daily food consumption only so that your colleagues from the banks and financial funds can keep their profits, pay out high bonuses and indulge themselves in ever greater amounts of caviar, then please do not call that solidarity.
Finally, I agree with Mr Coelho regarding his proposal to introduce a three-year revision clause, with a view to waiting for the results of an in-depth, large-scale study examining the reliability and usefulness of fingerprints taken from children and older people: such a delicate and significant issue requires constant monitoring, so that it can be correctly handled in terms of Community law.
So why do we not create a flexible budget?
Payments often attract extra bank charges, and the cross-border use of digital content is frequently blocked for licensing reasons.
To this end, one of the things we are trying to do, or are going to suggest, is not to focus solely on certain risk elements and require simple company registrations, such as those of feed mills, and leave it at that.
Neither do we need to have guards physically present in some places, especially in Strasbourg and Luxembourg.
The Commission shares the Parliament's view that support for the EU cohesion policy, as well as transition to low carbon economies, are core targets for the EIB.
The EU has committed itself to the collective target of spending 0.7% of its GNI on ODA by 2015.
It focuses on various aspects, such as the declaration of performance and CE marking, the transportation of hazardous substances, national contact points for obtaining information on construction products, the independence and transparency of all the bodies involved in this area, the recycling of construction products, greater emphasis on health and safety issues, the improvement of e-communication and the introduction of new information technology methods.
This means that, in many ways, we went in a better direction, and even if the figures are the same as those the Council wanted, the content is significantly better than the Council's 2.91%.
The particular references to children in the Charter of Fundamental Rights and in Article 3 of the Treaty on European Union make it possible for us to take up this question, and they also oblige us to do so.
Good planning and efficient management of these centres will allow successful action to be taken on the territories of European Union Member States and of other states which need help.
As far as I am concerned, this vote completely contradicts the spirit of the EU Treaties, which explicitly state that Strasbourg shall be the seat of the European Parliament and that 12 part-sessions shall be held there annually.
We have heard that at the meeting of the European Council you said that Parliament agrees that the vote on the President of the Commission should take place on 15 July and the vote on the remainder of the Commission should be held once the Treaty of Lisbon has been adopted.
Additionally taking account of low carbon production methods and humane working conditions would enable us to incorporate modern challenges.
There was a broad consensus on the report within the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, as most political groups shared this vision.
In addition, we enable Palestinian hospitals in East Jerusalem to remain viable and we do a lot of work with Palestinian young people in the city who suffer from high rates of unemployment and psychological problems.
Is it not high time now that we dealt with this and define a European approach?
Therefore, on 18 April 2008, the Council adopted a decision authorising the Commission to open negotiations on the conclusion of a short-stay visa waiver agreement between the European Union and Brazil.
Also, the situation in the prisons and the question of political prisoners and Red Cross access to these prisons is still totally unsatisfactory and unexplained.
It should be remembered that it was on mutual trust that the European Union was built, and that Poland has greatly benefited from this.
As the providers of some 100 million jobs in Europe, SMEs are the backbone of the European economy.
What I would also like to say to you is that, regarding this idea of a safe country, there is Court of Justice and European Court of Human Rights case-law that says that the simple fact of coming from a country or a region in which there is unrest is not reason enough to justify absolute protection against deportation or the right to subsidiary protection, except in exceptional cases in which the level of general violence is so high that anyone is in real danger of suffering threats to their life or their person simply as a result of being in the country or the region concerned.
We have to remember, however, that when we set these sorts of targets for ourselves, everyone has to commit to them.
However, the situation of media freedom is only getting worse.
It is good that we are also concluding bilateral agreements.
Allow me, however, to make a comment, as a member of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, in connection with the very interesting and pioneering initiative to create e-maritime, a maritime monitoring network.
It will be different in Japan, where top politicians are fighting elections and use the death penalty as often as possible.
We must therefore make the necessary efforts so that young children have access to the same learning conditions, without discrimination of any kind.
I think the results we have achieved in spite of this are a more than adequate response to the doubting voices that said that the Czech Republic, for objective and subjective reasons, was not up to the task of leading the EU.
The majority of European citizens are employees, and during this time of economic crisis they are becoming caught up too often in insolvency proceedings as the companies they work for go bankrupt.
Thank you.
I believe, as several Members have said, that not adopting these amendments would constitute incomprehensible inconsistency on the part of a European Union that, on the one hand, wants increased participation in certain areas, to which it ascribes growing importance, while on the other resists allocating the funds necessary for actually acknowledging this growing importance.
I hope that in six months' time, we will be able to say that Ukraine is closer to membership of the European Union.
As if the bloodiest dictatorship of the 20th century and its 150 million deaths could be reformed!
I must say we were amazed by the number of applications received.
Special thanks are also due to the President of Parliament, Mr Buzek, for visiting the affected areas of Moravia together with us, and personally backing support for the Czech Republic.
Some Member States behaved like children, hiding their misdeeds.
It is developing countries that are the most affected by global warming, so it is essential to step up all measures to combat climate change, such as the transfer of appropriate technologies.
The European stability mechanism is a permanent aid fund assisting euro area Member States affected by the crisis.
It will act as an incentive to step up research and development efforts aimed at finding new design solutions which can be used to manufacture vehicles which are more environmentally friendly.
We would be making a big mistake if, with our economic measures, we were to pursue goals relating to climate protection and energy security as unambitious as those we have laid down in the regulation of CO2 for cars.
Finally, we come to the scope, in which connection I would like to make it quite clear, once again, that we excluded all services of common economic interest from the scope of Article 16.
President Lukashenko, who is a quintessentially Homo sovieticus type, nevertheless understands fully what power politics are all about and therefore we need to have a reasonable EU-Belarus trade and political contact and relationship.
Since we did not get sufficient guarantees, we also support Mr Caspary's proposal to postpone these votes.
He has been very coy about that, but I thought you should know.
We are not yet there and I think what we have to do now is focus on the ESM.
I would like to tell you that my grandfather was a Swedish soldier posted to the Norwegian border during the Second World War - a war in which Sweden was neutral.
Today, 1.4 billion people still live in extreme poverty, and there are huge disparities among regions, countries and population groups.
The new rules would help Member States to make more effective use of vaccination to control bluetongue and reduce the burden on the agricultural sector posed by this disease.
The second question concerns the risks to health.
I am referring here to the debate we have already had, and to tomorrow's vote on the resolution on history.
I also do not accept that the Charter of Fundamental Rights - which is a basic political document, concocted as part of the failed European Constitution - should be incorporated into European law, and particularly not incorporated into British law.
This means that everyone must not only observe the letter of the law, but they must also respect the attitude being conveyed by the European Union.
The rights of information, access and correction will and must be assured in the agreement to be signed.
At the same time, we benefit from enormous transparency, and there is no doubt that they are working closely with Parliament.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Mr President, let us first of all look at the background to this.
I believe that the European Parliament and the European Commission, as typical Community institutions, have a special duty towards our citizens.
Without a major crisis you will never manage to create a real European democracy, a real political community.
Consequently, the new programme makes funds available so that measures can be taken to improve the distribution, marketing and promotion of European audiovisual works in third countries and, by extension, of third countries in Europe.
The number of countries which have stopped using this form of punishment for good has risen to 95. In fact, its regular use has been restricted to two regions in the world: Asia and North Africa.
Perhaps you could tell us, Commissioner, how we could resolve this as soon as possible?
I would like to highlight the issue of market access for agricultural products.
My biggest fear, however, is that an approach such as this, embodying as it does the principle of 'the end justifies the means', will turn against us all and that we will witness a counter-reaction in the years ahead and that the pressure to approve the Lisbon Treaty will provoke a backlash in the form of rising support for the real anti-Europeans, for extremists, xenophobes and anti-European forces, and that this will be a Pyrrhic victory.
Commissioner, I do not believe in the formulas of our socialist fellow Member who talks to us of ultra-capitalism and ultra-liberalism - which, moreover, as a semantic assimilation, is morally debatable.
The Member States of the EU and the EU itself ignore the ILO conventions.
Commissioner, I beg that you rethink the situation when it comes to the directives on agriculture.
There is no need of a bank account in order to use e-money, so it is particularly relevant to those in society who do not, or cannot, have bank accounts.
We are not in the business of knee-jerk reactions and responses.
I therefore wonder, although I am not biased in any way, about the motives behind this decision by the Hungarian Government.
It is therefore a case of providing a framework and opportunities for European political parties to carry out at European level the functions that they have been carrying out in the national arena.
Furthermore, given that public broadcasts play a decisive role in cultural and linguistic diversity, all these media, as well as the public corporations and public television, are obliged to provide quality programmes and, at the same time, within the framework of competition with other similar bodies, they must be able to respond positively to the challenges of the times by broadcasting events of global interest, such as the Olympic Games, the World Cup and so on.
This principle ought to extend to all the activities carried out by the Publications Office.
If Mr Barroso wishes to axe this point he will face huge opposition from Parliament.
It is about ensuring that the people who have very little or, indeed, no responsibility for the crisis, in other words, the workers, can keep their jobs.
in writing. - (NL) In 2006, liberalisation of the services market was introduced.
The issue of whether we should trade with those who do not have the same standards of respect for human rights is nothing new in international relations and is threatening to drag on forever.
Tax exemptions applicable to the permanent introduction from a Member State of the personal property of individuals (codified version) (
I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to submit similar proposals to guarantee the traceability of minerals imported into the EU market and on the African Union to cooperate in the sustainable exploitation of raw materials sector.
Nevertheless, in addition to the reservations that we always express in these situations, there are particular aspects of this process that need to be stressed.
There is, therefore, an urgent need to develop a programme of research to document the protection and development of regional culture in all its spiritual and artistic expressions.
Symmetry is an important issue.
It also has a crucial role to play in ensuring our energy security and contributing to our economic competitiveness.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Madam President, I sympathise totally with the position that many German farmers find themselves in at the present time.
In practice, this means that national budgets will no longer be able to avoid EU fiscal regulations.
I also welcome the establishment of a new parliamentary body, Euronest, as a forum for MEPs and national parliamentarians to reinforce each others' democratic mandates through dialogue including, for instance, facilitating Armenia and Azerbaijan to sit down together and discuss the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute, and negotiating free trade agreements and visa facilitation through these new association agreements.
It does not explicitly set out the role of macro-regions in this process, but an analysis shows that the Danube strategy is precisely such a framework on a smaller scale, as was the Baltic strategy before it.
In this period when finances are restricted, it is clear that it is becoming ever more important to spend these resources more wisely.
Protection of and respect for human rights is a key element of the European Union, and so the European Ombudsman's important role in this context cannot be overlooked.
I can genuinely assure you, here, that the Commission will, of course, continue to keep Parliament constantly informed of the progress of this matter.
It is true that there is a significant lack of freedom of information in Italy, particularly because the Italian Prime Minister, Mr Berlusconi, has brought the majority of the television channels directly or indirectly into his sphere of influence as a result of his political position and his media empire.
The construction market continues to face a whole range of obstacles preventing the full development of a unified market.
However, the Commission considers that there is no scope for its involvement in this case.
A Northern League interior minister in Italy says: Tunisians all speak French; that is good - it means we can give them Schengen residence permits and they can all head off to France.
What promises is the Council making, then?
The second major decision was to double the maximum amount of support granted for the Member States' balances of payments: EUR 50 billion is a very strong commitment.
Henceforth, it will be impossible for an operator to hide behind issues of technical feasibility as a reason for not providing reliable access to emergency services and to the location of anyone using the emergency number 112.
Consideration must be given to these struggles and the worsening of exploitation must stop.
So I wanted to thank all the rapporteurs for these very good reports and, in particular, both Mr Zver and Mrs Honeyball, because for the first time, we are taking a comprehensive approach to education.
I would stress our concern that differences in treatment between areas of activity be eliminated, in the face of well known developments at the levels of both organisation and of tools and mechanisms of work or production.
The Competitiveness Pact defines certain parameters which eurozone countries in particular should adhere to.
The Commission has been acting and is determined to continue to act as the trustee of the general European interest.
Almost all of these are small and medium-sized enterprises, employing 2.8 million people.
The need for information campaigns in schools and platforming from there into all areas of life is crucial.
The European Union needs to have a coherent long-term approach because national policies are inadequate when it comes to changing the Roma's situation.
Also, the resolution deplores the serious housing crisis in Haiti and talks about the need for a land register and ownership, but also calls on the Commission, in the spirit of consensus, to ensure that a significant effort is made in conjunction with government to sort out the problem.
At the same time we are completely ignoring, for example, their opinion on the planned construction of new foreign bases on EU territory.
We should accord more respect to a Church and a religion on which the values of our Union are founded.
Since it was not a codecision procedure, however, it was not possible to do very much against the opposition of some national governments.
On the other hand, there is also a great deal of unjustified criticism which keeps being passed on to us.
Improving the quality of teacher education (
We must support this report unreservedly.
I am glad that these talks have finally finished with agreement between the parties and I am sure that the European Parliament will also welcome this progress.
I say that it is not enough to promote self-regulation and allow a race to the bottom: we have to agree international standards of transparency, disclosure and - yes - of remuneration too.
That is unacceptable.
Hence, I welcome the comments made by the United Nations Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, who stated that he will convene a high-level meeting in Vienna on 24 June.
There is also a significant overlap between the European Training Foundation (ETF) and the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training (Cedefop).
The Commission's consultation shows that good progress has been made and that overall, the application of the regulations is functioning effectively.
The right to energy means that energy services must be reliable, affordable, especially for the poor, and evenly distributed so as to bridge the gap between urban and rural areas.
The countries of the European Union must increase cooperation in judicial matters, without detriment to the traditions and fundamental laws of Member States.
In this respect, there is a massive need for reform in Turkey.
Therefore, concluding the Doha Round with a balanced and comprehensive outcome would be a major step ahead.
We believe that it should not be possible for any citizens to have their access to the Internet blocked without it being preceded by a hearing in court.
Well, I hope that he and his group will also come out against the Islamicisation of Europe, although I shall not hold my breath.
Ascribing sole responsibility for this to the removal of quotas is a way of cutting the debate short.
in writing. - This grants the Director of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training discharge in respect of the implementation of the centre's budget for the 2009 financial year.
These must be met.
The much-quoted reversal of Russia's foreign policy trend has proved, after a closer look, to be just a clever tactical move.
I would also like to point out or confirm that the Commission's Humanitarian Aid and Civil Protection department (ECHO) will remain proactive, and I wish to thank all the personnel who have worked alongside ECHO with regard to the reintegration of people returning to Southern Sudan from the North in cooperation with the United Nations.
As we all know, the text that we are to vote on tomorrow has been comprehensively revised in relation to the draft that we received from the Commission in the autumn of 2008, as here in Parliament our focus has been on those areas where common EU rules will be of real benefit to both consumers and businesses.
The creation of a Charter of Passengers' Rights will mean that citizens will be more aware of what they can expect from carriers.
Their role begins in the family, not only because they are irreplaceable in raising children to respect human dignity for all, but there are also women who, aware of a threat to their families, get involved in preventing and solving military conflicts.
The specific proposals in my report are as follows. I argue in favour of further consolidation of the Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA).
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the preparations for the European Council meeting of 23-24 June 2011.
However, our aim is not to ensure that pharmaceutical companies have the right to provide information, but to give patients the opportunity to obtain information.
I call for immediate reconsideration of the Copenhagen Agreement.
What messages are people getting from Brussels and Strasbourg?
European Banking Authority (
This is the point, Mr President, and I am about to conclude: in recent years we have shown much good will and much hypocrisy, not least in what the Council has left unsaid during these years.
Partnerships could cover everything from visa facilitation, under certain conditions and for specific categories, labour migration, preventing irregular migrant flows, setting up asylum systems, readmission, law enforcement, return, etc. We agreed with the two countries' interior ministers to set up a working arrangement and to start identifying what we can do together.
I want to thank the Commissioner for his very comprehensive reply.
The European Community Mechanism for Civil Protection was used by France, Italy, Spain and other Member States of the European Union to provide aerial fire-fighting resources in Greece, Italy, Portugal and other countries.
The EU will continue to press Syria on delivering reforms without delay.
We should be enthusiastic about what is being achieved in these countries and what is going well, but, at the same time, we need to be very clear about what still has to be done.
in writing. - (PT) The duties of the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) Supervisory Authority are to oversee the management of public interest with regard to related European programmes and to act as their regulatory body.
Yet we should not be surprised, for when better to catch people's attention, especially during a cold spell?
Numerous Iranians were executed for political reasons and untold numbers remain in prison.
They will have an identifier which makes it immediately obvious if they are falsified or duplicated or if there are any irregularities, which can then be followed up.
Bosnia and Herzegovina provides the most recent example of this where, unfortunately, in spite of all the efforts made, the mood of confrontation persists between the communities still divided by the wounds of war.
Currently, more than 1 000 'political prisoners' are still being held.
Meanwhile, Mr Barroso, the summit did not even place it on its agenda.
I think we are benefiting simply from the fact that this debate is very timely, immediately before the meeting which will take place on Thursday in Prague.
These must be effectively implemented because we will be able to regulate industry and consumption successfully once we have completed our own tasks.
To seek to gag Members of the European Parliament from expressing their opinions on matters of public interest by bringing legal proceedings is unacceptable in a democratic society.
This is acceptable to the Commission, because the principle objective of the Commission proposal in this area was to clarify, but not to change, the scope of the WEEE Directive.
We should be taking another look at their situation and ensuring that safety is the prime consideration in not only their training but also the organisation of their work and the whole corporate culture.
Since the creation of the ENP, progress has been noticeable in the field of human rights, the democratisation of public life and economic reforms in many partner countries.
These must also be linked to road networks in effective transport hubs.
(ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Afghan citizen referred to in the judgment of the Court of Human Rights was not an immigrant, was not abusing the system and was not a victim of human trafficking.
The new administration in the US has given a new stimulus to these relations.
Composition of committees and delegations: see Minutes
We, too, must lead the way on this point.
Nearly four and a half years after the adoption of the notorious Services Directive, known as the Bolkestein Directive, this essential issue, which covers a wide spectrum of activities accounting for around 40% of EU GDP and jobs, is once again on the European Parliament's agenda.
Michael Theurer, Vladko Todorov Panayotov, Renate Weber, Sophia in 't Veld, Jan Mulder, Gesine Meissner, Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, Catherine Bearder, Viktor Uspaskich, Wolf Klinz, Nadja Hirsch, Cristian Silviu Buşoi, Giommaria Uggias, Ramona Nicole Mănescu, Adina-Ioana Vălean, Hannu Takkula, Jürgen Creutzmann, Alexander Alvaro, Holger Krahmer, on behalf of the ALDE Group;
We have made satisfactory progress in the context of the task force and achieved convergence towards the Commission's initiatives to reinforce economic governance, notably focusing on prevention and pre-emptive action, putting an emphasis on debt sustainability, agreeing a method to address macro-economic imbalances and establish an effective enforcement mechanism.
It is consumer-focused, it is about reputation, and the reliability of goods produced within the EU.
National tax sovereignty is not at stake.
Some more of these will come to Europe, particularly since there has been a real explosion in the population of Arab countries over the past two to three decades.
It is true that time is not on our side as we witness the increase in aggression in our societies.
We have recently reaffirmed the existing employment guidelines and adopted country-specific recommendations.
The fact is, this text never once mentions the need to find an alternative to nuclear energy.
The current financial difficulties mean that every euro must be used wisely and bring benefits to the people across our various countries - including the euros in the Structural and Cohesion Funds.
It represents a significant step away from dependency for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This goes completely against respect for international law.
However, achieving lasting stability in this part of the country requires the instigators of the conflict and the perpetrators of the crimes to be identified and punished.
(The President cut off the speaker)
My question then is: Where are the cuts to be made?
We believe that this agreement will be useful to the European Union.
I welcome the adoption of this report, which forms an integral part of the energy package adopted today, because, in my view, it represents another important step towards improving the quality of life of European citizens.
Perhaps today, when, in many EU Member States, we cannot cope with the overproduction of milk, it would be worth thinking about how to reorganise beef production.
I must also mention European industry in this sector, which has been showing continuous growth in its world market share, which currently hovers around 16% and which it is therefore necessary to support.
Mr Barroso is not doing you much of a favour when he says that you have done the best you could to find a balance, because this is not about finding a balance.
Not isolated projects, but rather cooperation within the region with a supra-regional perspective can ensure the sustainable development of the Danube Region in the future.
The lack of sufficient transparency, responsibility and integrity in the financial sector therefore acted as a catalyst for the crisis.
In this regard, it seems to me that the budget is not sufficiently coordinated with the ambitious goals included in the EU 2020 programme.
Thank you.
You spoke of the designation of certain Commissioners.
What do we need in order to achieve this?
the report by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, on the state of play and future synergies for increased effectiveness between the ERDF and other structural funds.
Indeed, with the current economic and financial crisis, it has become evident that the inappropriate level of compensation practised by some companies has led to an excessive and imprudent assumption of risk, the objective of which was the maximisation of short-term profit.
(HU) Mr President, I have expressed my firm support on several occasions when it came to taking strong action in defence of human rights in the EU's relations with third countries.
Yes, this prospect for the 2012 and 2013 budgets will have to be subject to agreement and we are really striving to demonstrate that we have the ability to reach an agreement on this 2012-2013 prospect, particularly on the important issue of flexibility.
We are going to vote, today, on the report drafted by Mrs Járóka.
How are we seeking to undermine this?
Without being cynical, we can say that this whole global crisis during the last two years has produced one cloud with a silver lining at European Community level: a strategy and future vision which will avert any huge economic slump in the future, set out a new direction for the EU27's development and, by implication, make Europe more competitive.
SMEs are a cornerstone of the European economy; these smaller enterprises constitute 99.8% of all EU enterprises, and they create 70% of all employment in the EU.
I therefore encourage the Commission to present legislative proposals in this area.
Thirdly and finally, the model that has worked best so far has been the EU-Japan relationship.
It is high time to fill the 'E' with life.
I voted in favour of the resolution, which promotes the integration of Montenegro into the European system, because we have all witnessed that this country has made notable progress towards adopting proper processes and instruments.
It was referred back to the parliament.
The gas crisis was not triggered by Russia but by Ukraine, and it is not a political problem, but an economic issue.
(RO) Mr President, the free trade agreement with India will become the most substantial agreement of this kind if the negotiations are concluded satisfactorily for both sides.
It continues to mean a loss of rights, unemployment and poverty, with an impact on small and medium-sized farmers, fishermen and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), all of which end up as victims.
I voted in favour of this report because current events should encourage us to reform the neighbourhood policy, not just to refocus it.
Summing up, I would say that we have good laws, but in the future we have always to be vigilant.
In 2005 she was awarded the Robert Schuman Medal by the EPP Group in the European Parliament.
However, we are calling for the Security Council to take a stand, we are calling for the bodies to take a stand, and for the European Union to take a stand, but we, in Parliament, we debate matters but we do not want to take a stand.
Therefore, all this is really a step in the right direction.
This also involves, of course, protecting the rights of all national minorities, including their cultural heritage.
That is very important.
They maintain that rules of national contract law are not a factor in influencing consumer attitudes to buying from another Member State; in fact, there are other genuine barriers to cross-border trade, such as administrative and cultural differences and a lack of effective means of redress for consumers.
Environmental changes have a growing impact on the Arctic's people, biodiversity and landscape - both on land and at sea.
I believe that the Treaty of Lisbon has, in principle, been rejected, as the citizens of a Member State have voted against it in a referendum.
Ladies and gentlemen, the hearings are about to start.
(Wyniki i inne szczegóły głosowania: zobacz protokół)
Finally, only by connecting development and support for the business world with the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy regarding employment can we achieve what I believe to be the aim of this act, namely, to create a social market economy based on growth, competitiveness and sustainability.
We have got to be responsible, and we have got to be responsible as a Parliament as we move towards the legal text that the Commissioner will bring forward in the late autumn of this year.
Nevertheless, legal requirements remain complex and control systems continue to be only partially effective.
The tone in Tirana needs to change.
It is essential.
Brussels, which is considered by some to be second only to Washington as a mecca for lobbyists, needs proper regulations and clearly-defined principles of cooperation between decision makers and representatives of various interest groups.
The Union should endeavour to adopt an external energy policy.
Migration flows resulting from instability are currently a major challenge for the EU.
Today, in order to solve as soon as possible the demographic problems we face due to the low birth rate and ageing society, we must share family commitments.
The security situation must be resolved according to the Kadugli and Abyei agreements from the start of the year, including, in my view, through the intervention of a mixed security force commissioned by the UN.
Satisfaction with the statements by Commissioners Špidla and Kroes, which provide a little reassurance, but also fear, as the statements by the acquiring party, Magna, are not really conducive to any real peace of mind.
Origin marking, in fact, is indicative of many other equally fundamental factors relating to the country or countries in which the production stages are carried out.
The inability of my country's young people to find suitable work has caused a huge wave of youth emigration - in the last few years, 50% of Lithuanian emigrants were aged 20-34.
You know the situation.
In the case of bus and coach transport, this report recognises the need for additional measures for disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility.
Ladies and gentlemen, today we are discussing something which is interesting because it shows the confrontation between the absolutely fundamental interest of airlines and the interest of consumers and passengers.
This budget marks the absence of a global vision for Europe.
Various activities took place on the day, at which we weighed up our activities in the EU.
(PL) Mr President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to congratulate you, Mr Füle, on your election to this capacity.
Let us look at some examples: combating radicalisation; monitoring terrorist funding and the possibility of creating a European Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme (TFTP); the coordination of the Joint Situation Centre (SitCen), Europol and Eurojust in the fight against terror and organised crime; combating the use of the Internet for terrorist purposes; amending the Frontex Regulation; and the viability of creating a European border guards system.
They have demonstrated an amazing courage in challenging the dictatorship.
By having better access to the European market, these countries will also benefit from new investment opportunities, which will also have a positive impact on employment.
Our important political partners like the US are already letting us know this, and we do not know what will happen with other partners like Russia, for example.
The great advantage of this kind of protocol is that the European Union can help with these countries' development.
- Before the vote:
(The President cut off the speaker)
I hope that the Commissioner will be there.
Mr President, we have enormous problems with the energy market and the grid in Europe, not to mention that energy production is mainly based on fossil sources.
Madam President, I bow to the expertise of others in this area, particularly Geoffrey Van Orden's comments.
Can the Commission provide more information in these areas?
However, the people who should really be worried about Turkish entry are Greek Cypriots: if Turkey joins the EU, the Turks will have the right to go anywhere in the EU.
However, after reading the Court of Auditors' report, I have the impression that one Member State, namely Romania, is responsible for the majority of the remaining irregularities.
We welcome the part played by an institutionalised public-private partnership in facilitating access for the small and medium-sized enterprises that form the basis of our economy.
Mr President, today the Swedish Government received a legal opinion on the case of Dawit Isaak who has been imprisoned for nine years in Eritrea.
Mr President, Mrs Damanaki, ladies and gentlemen, the cholera epidemic has already claimed more than 1 200 lives, and more than 52 000 people are infected.
At a time when a number of new nuclear power plants are under construction in the EU or in the pipeline, the timely adoption of the nuclear safety directive is not only justified, but is mandatory because of the guarantees it offers for the population's safety and peace of mind.
Mr President, before I start, may I say how pleased I am to find out that your parents are in the Chamber, not just because it is nice to have an audience, but so they can see how your fair chairmanship of these sittings has earned you respect across the Chamber, including even from British Conservatives.
I would ask you to remove Brazil from the urgencies on the agenda.
Finally, I took advantage of the debate in plenary to challenge the Commissioner for Financial Programming and the Budget on the urgent need for a communication on the implementation of new own resources, which, I hope, will carry this debate forward.
in writing. - (FR) Since the introduction of nanoparticles in cosmetic products, as well as the fact that the cosmetics sector features among the biggest victims of industrial counterfeiting, it is important to have clear means of control, particularly for identifying counterfeit cosmetics, which do not therefore meet legal requirements.
I also believe that the Joint Undertaking must further develop provisions on membership and cofinancing.
After all, Europe and Canada have such strong economic links that Canadian industry, whether it wants to or not, must adapt to European environmental protection requirements in order to operate on the European market, for example in this area.
It is therefore a great pleasure to be able to welcome our friends and counterparts from the Indonesian Parliament today.
This energy, on reaching Malta, would be in the form of electricity and the negative aspects associated with nuclear plants would not be an issue.
I am, however, complaining about the Member States that are breaking with the negotiations that we should be having at European level.
We will pull the names of Members of this House out of a hat and see who is better at pronouncing them.
The Commission ordered a report on European policies on the Roma in 18 countries in July 2008 and the report has been in its possession since June.
Further EPAs are being prepared.
They are not economic criteria with respect to debt or with respect to deficits.
Under the Treaty of Lisbon, the EU has enhanced powers of international representation and is being called on to respond to challenges such as climate change, combating poverty and transferring the rule of law and democratic values to developing countries.
Egg surveys for horse mackerel have been conducted every three years since 1997.
Being fully aware that the wealth and stability of a society depend on its diversity and that the social economy makes a significant contribution to this, thereby strengthening the European Social Model and providing its own business model that fosters stable and lasting growth in the social economy, I support the rapporteur's assertion that the social economy will reach its full potential only if it can benefit from suitable political, legislative and operational conditions and prerequisites.
(PL) Mr President, the Copenhagen Summit showed another way of looking at the question of climate change.
However, can this aim actually be achieved with the Commission's proposal or your report, Mr Lehne, and who are we speaking about when we talk of micro-entities?
But I am also proud that even my country, which has not had too many relations with Haiti, pledged additional funding, not just the funding channelled through the Community budget.
We in the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left have therefore tabled an amendment in which we ask for the 95 years requirement to be removed.
Lastly, I am still opposed to Turkey's accession to the European Union and I continue to hope for a privileged partnership with that country within the Union for the Mediterranean.
The Energy Labelling Directive has a crucial role to play in the achievement of the EU energy efficiency target of 20% by 2020.
We need a strong Europe with an ability to take action and one in which the European Institutions function properly and are able to cooperate.
Then the demons of the 20th century that plunged this continent into misery will quickly reappear.
The victims suffer an extreme negative impact on their health, self-esteem and safety and can no longer participate in public life or in the labour market as they would wish.
We must be faithful to our project and to our values.
The Commission remains committed to the accession process with Turkey.
It could be said that the draft directive is extremely important for the hundreds of thousands of victims of human trafficking and it should put an end to their lawless status.
Commissioner Verheugen has rightly raised the fact that a number of amendments to the legislation are necessary.
The proposal shows the effects of the emergency gas supply situation that emerged in January 2009, when the Commission realised that the Union's energy infrastructure was not fit for purpose.
By voting for Mr Domenici's report, we will be giving a positive answer to these two questions.
There will be no Galileo project and there will be no European External Action Service.
The Commission has therefore launched the procedure to propose to the Council to open consultation with the authorities in power in order to examine possible solutions to the crisis, aimed at the re-establishment of constitutional order.
Parliament addressed five questions to the Council, and since they all deal with the Commission's proposal for a recast of the Asylum Procedures Directive, I suggest we debate these five questions as one.
According to the rapporteur, the EU should face the modern, globalised world with a budget in which nearly all of the money is pledged to a lunatic agricultural policy and an ineffective regional policy.
It is also the place where the interests of Russia and the West collide and where even Turkey wants to become involved.
I congratulate the Agency on the external evaluation of the EU decentralised agencies commissioned by the Commission in 2009, the main findings of which were very positive.
in writing. - In my opinion, a Single Market for Europeans should also mean a Single Market of quality.
Thank you very much, too, for keeping perfectly to your time.
It is unrealistic to transfer new responsibilities to Europe without increasing the financial resources on which it can draw.
The proposed amendments are the result of consultations with the political groups.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank the Members of Parliament who honoured us with their speeches in today's exciting and valuable debate.
We want to contribute, together with our G20 partners and more broadly, to more effective regulation of derivative markets in the interest of producers and users alike.
We like speaking about it, but it is far from complete.
It seems lightweight to me, and I hope with all my heart that, when faced with potential health issues in the future, we will not be told that it was responsible.
I voted against this report.
Through this programme, we are reaffirming our attachment to a Europe of solidarity and values that has a duty to defend freedom of religion, equal opportunities, the rights of women, the rights of minorities and the rights of homosexuals.
The Communication highlights existing best practice developed by the Member States to address the main problems linked to the operating cost and telecom cost of the 116 000 hotline.
I think the Commission proposals were the right ones.
And here, it must be said clearly, Europe cannot be naive.
Documents received: see Minutes
This resolution covers a range of important themes.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Madam President, the Black Sea is a gate to and from Europe, and therefore it should be addressed as such.
I voted for this resolution on the Interim Partnership Agreement between the EC and the Pacific States in the hope that this agreement - which is currently limited to two countries: Papua New Guinea and the Republic of the Fiji Islands - could prepare the ground for a wider-ranging agreement.
in writing. - (LT) One of the things that the crisis in Greece shows us is the urgent need for fiscal responsibility.
Moreover, it is becoming increasingly necessary to make use of new techniques here, which requires the constant adaptation and modernisation of existing techniques.
We should bear in mind the international commitments of the Russian Federation.
You speak of hallucinations, Mr Cohn-Bendit.
I am hopeful that, in preparing its first reading, Parliament will seek to redress this situation.
With regard to the request in the report for Member States to make available civilian capabilities in order to achieve real progress as quickly as possible, I want to stress that, on the civilian front, Romania actively contributes to fulfilling the Civilian Headline Goal 2010.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (SV) Madam President, tax evasion is not our main problem when the world economy is being shaken to its foundations.
I am not saying that to put the blame on you alone.
It is equally important to prevent illegal shipment outside the European Union and in particular to development countries.
We will find this tool useful, but it could be more operational, more effective and more transparent.
Waiting times have been resolved, and the costs will now have to be verified - and this needs to be looked into further.
The European Union can support these policies, but it cannot completely replace them.
For six months now, I have been waging a Punic War with the Bulgarian Agriculture Fund which has turned down the individual projects of over one hundred Bulgarian farmers because of unclear text in the regulation.
I should like to congratulate you on this in advance.
Women are at greatest risk in their own homes - domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women, more common than traffic accidents and cancer put together.
author. - Madam President, my group, ALDE, welcomes the measures taken in the interests of religious minorities by the government of Pakistan since November 2008, and supports the efforts of the Federal Minister for Minorities in establishing a network of local inter-faith harmony committees to promote dialogue between religions.
President-in-Office of the Council. - We do not have access to this information formally but, via international organisations, NGOs, contacts, political parties and so on, we do get information - which is a bit fragmented - about the situation of the political prisoners.
(FR) Madam President, you are going to think me bad-tempered, but I feel that such important reports, such important resolutions voted on by so few Members - and it is not those who are here, of course, who are to blame - frankly, I find the situation hopeless and, really, I do question our credibility.
We are trying out different methods of how to engage with citizens.
That then leaves Italy roughly where it was before.
As I have already said, the Ecolabel shall be based on environmental performance throughout the life cycle of the best products on the internal market.
We have undermined producers who, even though they did their job properly, have found themselves in the position of scapegoat and are still paying the price today.
Here, it is the Member States which exercise their rights on how to implement the different legislation of the European Union.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like once more to thank you for a debate which has been comprehensive and which has shown clearly that the positions of the Commission and of the Parliament are very close.
That is obvious.
These certificates would be submitted to Member States' governments with a view to being produced during the discharge process in accordance with an appropriate interinstitutional procedure to be introduced.
Honourable Members, it was against this background that the Environment Council and the European Council put the finishing touches to the European Union position for the conference in Cancún.
We therefore need to take them seriously in this strategy.
Do not forget we have an objective reason, namely, that it is not so easy to arrive here from Spain.
Ensuring equal opportunities for development is an important task.
While road haulage companies will now have to pay the cost of air and noise pollution generated by lorries, Member States will, in return, be obliged to reinvest the revenues obtained from these charges in pan-European transport networks and, especially, in more effective and less polluting transport systems.
I am not saying it is going to be easy.
In those six months, we were also able to obtain agreements on the management of speculative funds and other alternative investment funds as well as on the rating agencies.
This regulation was formulated before the crisis.
The citation of Article 296 of the Treaty establishing the European Communities has also been clarified, but is now confined to actual derogations, as provided for in the Treaty and as requested by the European Court of Justice.
Let us keep it that way, and let us complete our work in south-eastern Europe.
Its foreign policy programme makes no reference to the Sahara or Palestine.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. - (DE) Ladies and gentlemen, it is no secret that the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety takes the view time and again - this year included - that the funds provided in the European budget absolutely do not suffice to provide effective environmental programmes, to maintain our biodiversity and for a fight against climate change that has a chance of succeeding.
(The President cut off the speaker.)
Almost every day one of them dies under the wheels of a juggernaut.
In view of this, it is crucial that Parliament have an effective opportunity to evaluate this instrument and ensure that it is being used correctly in supporting people and institutions working in their respective countries, under very adverse conditions, to counter oppressive regimes or trends.
I wish to thank the Swedish Presidency for its efforts and, above all, now that Christmas is here, Mr Reinfeldt.
We can ensure this by giving citizens easier access to our reports on the website - including those reports that are critical.
Let us have the courage of our convictions.
(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, there is no doubt the Structural Funds have been one of the most effective instruments for giving shape to European policies and, above all, for ensuring the solidity of the European economy.
We must therefore all work together, with the European Parliament, with the national parliaments, with the officials in each Member State.
This will provide another opportunity for all the main players to debate the issue objectively and to prepare a clear approach to this problem.
So, on the basis of this directive, the powers of the Commission are rather limited.
in writing. - On 9 November 2009, the report on the request for the defence of the immunity and privileges of Tobias Pflüger was voted and adopted in the Committee on Legal Affairs (JURI) in the European Parliament.
21.
The interim EPA is precisely that: it is an interim arrangement, and I agree with all the colleagues who say that our objective in the long run should be a full, comprehensive EPA with all the Pacific countries, encouraging regional integration in the Pacific.
Indeed, we want to see the EU's agricultural budget remain unchanged until 2020 to encourage farmers to guarantee the security of food supplies and the protection of the environment, to create new jobs, and to ensure a competitive agricultural sector.
Moreover, the several months' trial period is drawing to a close.
In this respect, the PRC needs to assume its responsibility as a member of the UN Security Council by exerting pressure on North Korea.
Investor-compensation schemes (
It will be difficult and expensive to respond to this wave of immigration after it starts rapping on the doors of Europe.
With the new Treaty, the European Union will be better equipped to fight climate change and to meet the challenges of globalisation.
• The Commission should submit an implementation review of the agreement to Parliament and the Council before the agreement is renegotiated;
We must finally acknowledge that the work of women in the home is also not properly secured.
Mr Nattrass made some very personal remarks against me before sneaking out of the Chamber without listening to the debate.
This will be a credit to Parliament.
Madam President, like Mrs Dodds, I had intended to speak about the economy, but the terrible, callous murder of a young Catholic police officer in Northern Ireland has sadly changed that.
These lead to distortions of competition and weaken national undertakings.
Until we have ensured security and diversity of gas supply, we cannot allow ourselves to abandon coal too suddenly.
Where I must express grave concern, as others have done, is in the Council's substandard consultation with Parliament, and alleged Commission delays.
The Baltic Sea Strategy has required a completely new approach from the European Commission as it is the first time that we have prepared an integrated strategy for a group of Member States who have to face the same challenges and who may benefit from the same opportunities.
We will uncover even more shortcomings and we will make the work of the individual units and institutions even more efficient if we go about it in a systematic way.
Just one more comment on Eurobonds.
Feed manufacturers and large food companies are clearly not concerned about EU directives and national legislation when it comes to making large profits with cheap food.
Agenda of the next sitting : see Minutes
Mr Blokland, you have already had an answer.
I quote from that.
I would like to quote the French thinker and writer, André Frossard, on this challenge for the coming years.
What does the Council intend to do to prevent speculation on Portuguese public debt?
Madam President, I voted for this report, like many others who are actively engaged with farmers in their region.
On this basis, President-in-Office of the Council, Prime Minister Topolánek, I should like to invite you to address this House.
It is not up to the public authorities to compensate for this unacceptable failure to fulfil one's obligations.
It points out that these policies must always be implemented against the backcloth of respect for the EU's Charter of Fundamental Rights.
It is for the sake of freedom of opinion that we awarded the Sakharov Prize to a Cuban dissident, but we also still have problems within Europe.
It is high time for the European peace to be extended to the Caucasus.
There are certainly issues here where we will see eye to eye on where we can agree, but there will be issues on which we will have very intense discussions.
For the first time, Israel seems resigned to this solution, which has been demanded time and time again by the Palestinians.
(PL) Madam President, the scenario of tragic events in Sri Lanka is similar to that of other such cases.
Mr Titley, your complaint will be immediately passed to the Office of the President with your request that they should respond to it immediately.
This explains my support for the immediate fulfilment of obligations undertaken at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh on the matter of a shift in the IMF quota share to emerging and developing countries of at least 5%, and an increase of at least 3% in voting power in the World Bank for developing and transition countries.
We have proposed to define the concept of hospital care through a Community list based on the shared understanding of experts, who would take account of the development of technologies.
The purpose behind its inclusion is starting to become clear.
Why do we continue to use it to torment our citizens, by depriving them of work and a livelihood?
Mr President, I strongly encourage you to take the appropriate steps to guarantee religious freedom on the soil of a European Union Member State.
Of course, a very detailed procedure will explain if the human factor was to blame, or if, perhaps, it was a matter of equipment or of the lack of a system.
Cross border cooperation increases innovation and jobs, the only sustainable ways out of the crisis.
Amadou Hampâté Bâ, a Malian intellectual, said: 'In Africa, when an old person dies, it is a library that burns'.
They might have their own opinion about the Commission and politicians in these countries, but this is about the people who live there.
We must pay serious heed to this situation, because the Mediterranean countries are partner countries, not just neighbouring countries.
However, with your support, this does not prevent us from making the immediate progress which this proposal on micro-entities represents.
However, the problem of illegal logging must be taken very seriously.
These issues must be confronted and addressed immediately by this Parliament to assure the citizens of Cambodia that this Parliament continues to support and defend their right to Democracy.
Ladies and gentlemen, if the first victim of war is always the truth, the truth is always the most solid foundation of peace.
The treaty assigns the Commission a key role.
Clearly, this is a step backwards, but let us hope that it is only one backward step and that it will be followed by several steps forward, as we must also recognise that the current Turkish Government has made clear efforts to set democratisation in motion and also to give the Kurds their rightful place in society and in the political system.
It was high time this happened.
Besides some IBM friendly text on "smarter urban development" (para 8) we were mainly disappointed that S&D shadow managed to weaken good wording on the partnership principle.
Ladies and gentlemen, I strictly applied the Rules of Procedure.
We will need new data in a few years, but everything in its own time.
Here too we fail to recognise a coherent European approach, at least as far as safety controls, the so-called stress tests, are concerned.
He said that when you play poker, you do not tell anyone what you have in your hand.
The EU Member States must take appropriate measures in this respect.
However, I did claim that a targeted mobilisation took place with rifles and fixed bayonets in Burgenland.
The channels will be open for dialogue, if that is what both parties want.
He has remained strangely silent.
Admittedly, one might have hoped, in these difficult times, to have heard him speak with a more assertive European voice.
It should not stab the democratic forces in the back.
An attempt is now being made to limit damage by making savings.
In Portugal, for example, the birth rate is not high enough to ensure that generations are replaced, and this situation is jeopardising the future.
The Senate of the Czech Parliament will probably vote on the Treaty on 6 May, but the Senate has made its approval conditional on the drafting of an appropriate law under which the transfer of powers from the level of qualified majority voting requires the consent of both chambers of Parliament.
in writing. - I very much welcome the proposed EC-Tajikistan Partnership and Cooperation agreement which provides a framework for future EU cooperation with Tajikistan.
I quote again: 'The provisions of this charter are addressed to the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the Union with due regard for the principle of subsidiarity and to the Member States', but 'only when they are implementing Union law'.
We should remember, however, that international police cooperation existed way back in the 19th century, long before European integration.
The role of the Council should be duly limited, in procedures that lead to potential sanctions.
The forthcoming legislative framework should guarantee that SMEs in the automotive sector supply chain are able to enjoy favourable conditions and prevent any growing dependency on major manufacturers.
With regard to the merging of the various geographical indication systems, I fully understand the concern of certain Members.
Secondly, however, there is also a need for a political response.
My fellow Member, Mr Boştinaru is not in the Chamber anymore, so he cannot reply, but I would like to answer Mr Szájer that I, as a Romanian citizen, do know that Romanian citizens living outside the territory of Romania can vote and can have passports, and, similarly to the Slovak constitution, many European constitutions lay down the rights of their citizens living outside their borders.
Many of us have called for the Council's mandate for the framework agreement to be made known.
Taking children from their mothers, and taking mothers from their children - for there are two sides to the matter - should be a final resort for when the child is being abused or suffering violence.
The report sets out the guidelines 'for the development of the trans-European transport network' (TEN-T).
Finally, we must promote a system for protecting intellectual property rights that is balanced and respects inventors' rights while, at the same time, offering our citizens the widest possible access to knowledge: such are the challenges to be met and which innovation could contribute towards in future.
Although the CO2 emissions of small aircraft are lower, it is still necessary to promote research, development and innovation, not only within the framework of the Clean Sky and CESAR (Cost Effective Small Aircraft) initiatives, but also in the use of less polluting engines and cleaner fuels.
(PL) Madam President, the promise of membership in the European Union was, for a long time, a driving force for democratic change in Turkey.
It should therefore provoke us to react to the extremely serious human rights violations that have taken place in this case.
It says 'there will be assessments of wage and productivity developments and competitive adjustment needs'.
They also cannot depend solely and exclusively, or almost exclusively, on foreign banks, because when it comes to supervising the actions of the financial system, it is very difficult to have supervisory authorities and a financial policy that serves the interests of each country if practically all the banks are not from that country and take strategic decisions based on the interests of their country of origin.
When establishing these undertakings, apart from factors like economic development and natural assets, it is important also to take into consideration the extent to which the Kyoto commitments have been fulfilled so far.
The sustainability and competitiveness of the sector should be balanced.
If you develop a reasonable system, we will encourage it and recognise it.'
People always learn from every disaster.
I would also like to say a word about those who were more critical in their remarks, specifically those who spoke rather sceptically about development cooperation policy, and those who always refer to the taxpayer in order to reject any support for development cooperation policy.
The programme, which is to run from 1 January 2009 until 31 December 2013, has a budget of EUR 55 million.
The European Union holds the position that the death penalty can never be regarded as an act of justice.
The question is what this step will be like.
If only the European Council were capable of a bit of self-criticism over its past failings.
Moreover, we have acknowledged experience and expertise in certain areas.
(EL) Madam President, Commissioner, it has been proven that the most effective way of combating trafficking in human beings is to set an example by imposing strict penalties on traffickers.
We cannot compromise on 2° C. This means that all the developed countries of the world must make reductions of between 25% and 40%.
However, we are naturally following all citizens' initiatives on this issue with great interest.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
It will be applicable not only in the areas covered by Union law, but it will be at the top of the hierarchy of the overall legal system and it will prevail over any other legislation or regulation, be it criminal law, be it about the media or be it about any other subject.
If these steps are continued, when Parliament puts the issue of the Council discharge on its agenda again this autumn, finally it will be possible for the European Parliament to grant discharge to the European Council with the backing of a long-term agreement between the European Council and the European Parliament on the Council discharge procedure.
In the paper that you presented, I still cannot see a vision of what is to happen now.
You need to act and to act quickly.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (debate)
From next year we have an opportunity to provide 300 million emission allowances for new entrants.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, my first comment is that the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is a real expression of solidarity between EU citizens and States.
Therefore, I urge you to support the amendments for citizens' rights tabled by myself and the GUE/NGL Group.
One is the movement of workers throughout Europe, which creates a threat to national social models, and the other is the Working Time Directive, which threatens historical achievements and the conciliation of professional and working life.
However, to the extent that it does refer to intellectual property rights, one would think by listening to some of the speeches that it ignores them.
A bill currently being debated in the Parliament aims to amend the Code of Administrative Offences to punish 'the public promotion of homosexual relations' with fines of up to EUR 2 900.
The European Union's generous and feeble asylum policy is the real cause of the large influx of asylum seekers.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) report of 2006 shows there has been flagrant injustice.
2.
She has specifically stated that 'such a proposal would at this stage' - and I am quoting from the transcript of what she said in plenary - 'not only be ineffective, but could prove to be detrimental to the EU's role and credibility in overall Arctic cooperation'.
I welcome the start of the negotiations on a new association agreement in January this year. I believe that the European Parliament must be actively involved in this process and support the conclusion of such an agreement and a visa waiver scheme.
As for negotiations on the free trade area, we must seek agreements on tariff proposals, energy taxation procedures and sustainable development.
In this respect, I voted for this report, which constitutes a significant advance, insofar as it emphasises all these elements through adopting an intersectoral approach and not a fragmented one, as could have been the case previously.
I also agree that the Commission should consult local and regional representatives in order to define the direction for development in energy policy, as well as to provide financial support to local and regional projects through innovative programmes that use existing energy resources and structural funds.
I see him nodding in agreement, so I have got the quote correct.
I therefore appreciated the fact that the inter-institutional team charged the Commission with reviewing the original list of hazardous substances rather than immediately banning them, which would have a negative impact on SMEs and on the social and economic situation of the EU.
We therefore need a simplified procedure, inspired by the new procedure that the treaty affords the main budget itself.
It is a policy that generates new resources, adding to growth potential.
As for the professional training of the police force, I agree with the objectives of focusing not just on increasing the number of police officers and soldiers, but mainly on training, on organisation, and on the relations of police forces with parallel judicial institutions.
But when it comes to these budgetary questions, the European Parliament, uniquely among the elected assemblies of the world, sides with the executive against its own constituents, in the cause of deeper integration.
In addition, it values training as a very important factor for the success of professionals in the artistic and creative sector, since artistic studies that focus on developing a career and profession require of the students, in addition to talent, a solid cultural basis that can only be acquired through multidisciplinary and systematic training.
(LT) During my visit to the Ukraine I noticed that little attention is being paid to the development of the legal framework in our eastern neighbourhood.
I will continue to oppose a European common forestry policy in future, too.
In conclusion, everyone, including Israel, would benefit from reaching a solution as soon as possible.
I sincerely hope that today's decision will be able to change that as well.
The crucial factor in this case was not a serious accident, measures to combat climate change or the high price of aviation fuel.
This would have given an incentive to rebuild the textile industry by demonstrating there was a market for their products.
(DE) Mr President, bluetongue is an animal epidemic affecting ruminants that has already caused great damage throughout the livestock and production sector.
In addition, a European consumer information policy that highlights efforts by Community producers to comply with European Union regulations in the areas of the environment, food security and animal welfare is needed, since Community producers have to compete with imports from third countries, where the standards applied are much lower.
in writing. - The negotiation and signing of fisheries agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet, including the open-sea fleet, as also with the development of relations with third countries in a spirit of partnership and cooperation, with a view to reinforcing sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
In every area, it violates principles that apply in Europe and beyond.
These are the rules that we have agreed with one another.
The motion for a resolution rightly points out that research has had too little funding hitherto.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, thank you all for your very fruitful participation in this very interesting debate.
Written declarations (submission): see Minutes
(The sitting was closed at 16.30)
Given its importance for improving quality of life and well-being, there is a role for both public and private initiative in innovation.
To close, I should like to mention the intention of some members to vote for an amendment calling for all interested parties to help to resolve the Cyprus question.
If, however, we now lay down criteria in the field of social housing, as the Commission is doing here, if we lay down criteria that explicitly - as some Members have already said - preclude a mixing of the population in these areas, that will undermine all the efforts made by the competent parties on the ground for decades.
The Court of Auditors particularly notes progress which has been made in the fields of agriculture, research, energy, transport and education.
Above all, it is the euro zone that, due to the general trend of stripping nations of their natural defences, is the worst equipped to react.
I remember the previous wording and the fact that, for example, the Swedish Social Democrats abstained from the vote on this at first reading.
The EU offers to and demands from its Member States a clear framework for the rule of law, constitutional guarantees, institutional checks and balances, and negotiated solutions.
We would not like this internal market test to be used as a pretext for undermining social or environmental advances.
This is a tiny sum, however, and it is merely a palliative measure, given the severe unemployment experienced in Portugal today, particularly in those regions.
Currently, free movement is guaranteed on a territory with 42 673 km of external sea and 7 721 km of land borders, covering 25 countries and 400 million citizens.
In the light of the development of new financial instruments in a globalised world, the Green Paper takes a critical look at the soundness of financial institutions and of the financial system as a whole, and at the regulation and supervision of the system, with a view to preventing any repeat of the crisis in the future.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of information about prescription-only medicinal products is a sensitive subject because it has an important effect on the protection of the right to health and welfare of all citizens.
It also aims to minimise distortions of competition on the internal market.
'recalls that transparency and democratic participation must be achieved by a variety of forms of partnership among the EU and Member States, regional and local institutions, social partners and civil society'.
Mr President, Commissioner, exactly one year ago, we adopted a resolution in this House concerning gays and lesbians and the Bahati Bill in Uganda.
As an MEP from the Czech Republic I would therefore prefer in this case to see quota purchasing financed from the Community budget, which can be used by all states on an equal basis.
We want to anchor these objectives in the national reform programmes - and I have heard Mr Barroso talk about this - and we should bring forward proposals to that effect.
This is why it is necessary to return to these issues and look carefully at the way in which legislation which has been adopted is brought into force, so that on the 15th or 20th anniversary of the adoption of resolution 1325, it will be possible to say that all of its provisions have been implemented.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I would like just to put on the record that there is one amendment which I cannot support as it would, in fact, create a legal impasse.
Security is, however, now one of the European Union's objectives, as the Commissioner herself acknowledged.
The country was a Soviet satellite state.
Today it is mainly the extreme right, at least in our country, but there are other states where it is the extreme left that is pushing forward.
(FI) Madam President, I would like to say a few words about the situation in Haiti.
There should be more funding in particular for medical research into the links between prevention and mental and physical health problems.
Citizens now expect Europe to act, and this is why it is mystifying that many national leaders, even now, remain caught in the 'each to his own' policy.
We have a stable framework for cooperation through the Black Sea Synergy, which was put in motion some time ago, although not with tangible results.
This deepens the relationship between EU citizens and EU institutions, as it eliminates this often-criticised democratic deficit in decision-making processes, and gets citizens directly involved in decision making.
What has happened in Madeira has dramatically shown us the importance of strengthening cooperation and solidarity in the European Union as well as in the area of disaster prevention.
Of course, it is important to all of us - and this is also in the mandate - that an independent body be established to which individuals can make a complaint if they notice that their data have been used wrongfully or for other purposes.
For this reason, a strategy must be devised in this area, which will be in the interest of upholding European principles.
This also continued during the Second World War, which was a terrible ordeal for Europe as a whole.
(ES) Madam President, firstly I would like to thank Mr Florenz for his generosity and open-mindedness as well as all the groups that participated in this political exercise and debate on both background issues and the future.
While I support the report, like Caroline Lucas I would have liked to see more attention paid to the most recent signs, which tell us that climate change is both more rapid and serious than we thought just a couple of years ago - contrary to what some colleagues here have said, in particular Mr Helmer.
Lastly, I believe it is vital to promote equal opportunities in access to university so that no fraction of European talent is wasted.
Today the situation is different.
I welcome the compromise reached between Parliament and the Council on introducing into the framework directive adequate protection for users in cases of restriction of access to services and applications through electronic communication networks.
I think it is a very important innovation and of course, based on the proposal that will be made by Vice-President Ashton, as High Representative, we will work on this matter together with Parliament.
Much progress has been made with regard to procedure, legislative planning, parliamentary scrutiny, requirements to provide information and the Commission's presence in Parliament.
We must show we are not blind to human rights, and an opportunity to do this will be the award ceremony for the Nobel Prize in Oslo, at which, I hope, the whole world and all ambassadors will be present.
The Union has, in the past, acknowledged it, but failed to put any concerted and comprehensive plan into motion.
The city therefore attracts hundreds and thousands of tourists a year.
If, as other colleagues have said, we can now persuade the junta to release all political prisoners, if we can persuade the junta to allow Aung San Suu Kyi complete freedom, both in terms of movement and in terms of political public statements, and, finally, if the new Burmese parliament and government start to improve human and fundamental rights in the country, and to improve the social and economic conditions of the people of Burma, then perhaps, in a few years time, there will be grounds for our institutions to start negotiating and engaging with the Burmese regime and to see a better future for that country.
This is true despite the five EU Member States that have not yet recognised it, that do not want to see the reality.
Anyone who knows me will be aware that I am normally very sparing with praise and thanks.
We must avoid repeating the errors of the past, not only in terms of macroeconomic policies, but also in terms of financial regulation and supervision.
The fact that minors were still being executed in Iran at the time of the offence has also been addressed.
Often, you vote on the budget as a management tool, when in fact it is the very essence of politics, and Parliament's role depends on its being implemented.
Our fellow citizens need to understand that we are not in some far off place, that we do not deal only with major European issues.
Although alternative sanctions are in place in Member States, they only seem to be used in a minority of cases and fines remain the primary form of sanction.
We must realise that it is unfair and shows a lack of solidarity if we allow the southern countries to bear the entire burden alone.
We agree that it is a multifaceted relationship in which economic, social and environmental issues, human rights and rule of law, security aspects and political cooperation are all of paramount importance.
(ES) Mr President, it is not right to say that the House has expressed a view on the case of Mrs Haidar.
He is being held by his Taliban captors, who threaten to execute him today if their demands are not met.
I believe it is important that the European Union should maintain its ability to be seen as attractive to the Ukraine, and that it should use the various means at its disposal to do so.
Therefore, along all these lines, I expressly welcome both the European Commission's and the European Parliament's commitment to relaunching the Single Market, and the priorities which the Commission has indicated and which this Parliament is also setting out in the three excellent reports.
But the left wing would oppose any Member State army or air force or navy coming and helping to do that.
In accordance with the conclusions made by the G20, the Financial Stability Board and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, new reforms may be necessary, including the need to create countercyclical buffers, dynamic reserves, the key aspects underlying the calculation of capital requirements set out in Directive 2006/48/EC and additional measures for risk-based requirements for credit institutions, to help prevent leverage in the banking system.
If leave is not properly paid, only those women whose jobs do not matter can take it up.
But I believe that it is important that we send a clear signal now, in this legislative period, that we are competent, that we wish to create trust, security and stability, that we can react quickly and that we know what still needs to be done in the future.
(FR) Mr President, today, 14 February, St Valentine's Day, I would like to point out that one in five women in Europe is the victim of domestic violence.
The reform of the World Bank has given greater powers to the emerging countries, but it has taken power away from Africa.
If we want to become the continent of rights, we will have to have the procedural rights established little by little.
I would like to ask Mr Wathelet, who represents the Council here, whether the Council could explain its own position on these matters.
Having a roof over your head is absolutely vital; it is a right and is something which everyone would agree that should be provided either through one's own means or through government agencies, etc.
(DE) The dangers represented by the Internet are constantly changing and we have seen the Internet move from version 1.0 to version 2.0, so to speak.
I think highly of Parliament.
I hope that Mr Cashman will accept our proposed amendments, particularly on greater financial transparency, and I believe that as the European Parliament, we should set a good example.
By the way, a recent screening of more than 900 climate articles in scientific journals - peer review - showed that not one of them questioned the main thrust of the IPCC.
The report stands up for codecision by the European Parliament in the establishment of the legal framework for the bringing of damages actions for breach of EC antitrust rules.
In that resolution, you invited the Commission to submit a targeted and more coherent EU policy plan, and urged Member States to introduce a coherent system for collecting statistics.
Anything less means not living up to our own principles.
Besides pointing to the word 'allegedly', I would like to stress that Internet service providers are concerned that they will have to start enforcing the law.
The situation is particularly serious in Lithuania.
If you wish simplification to have a quick and effective impact on the error rate, my view is that it means abandoning shared management in some areas.
Even though people will criticise the new methodology and various parameters, the common objective must be clear.
Today's unprecedented instability calls for determined action.
Mr President, the military junta has ruled the country through repression and committing gross and systematic human rights violations.
I remain fundamentally opposed to targeted government intervention, which can only solve the short-term financial problems of individual domestic producers.
I voted for Mrs Sanchez-Schmid's report on the potential of the European cultural and creative industries, which has not yet been fully unlocked.
The Lisbon strategy has failed in its mission to eradicate poverty.
I hope that this compromise which we have reached will develop the road transport market.
We live in a democratic age and under a democratic system.
Parliament wanted responsibilities as co-legislator and has carried them out to the full.
I support the report reviewing the Small Business Act as it aims to improve access to credit and access to the market for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
So I believe that Europe is now at a critical juncture.
While, on the one hand, I would like to encourage the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, its political leadership and institutions, to step up their efforts and endeavour to meet the expectations formed by their citizens, on the other hand, I would like to urge the Commission and the European Parliament to continue to pay appropriate attention to the candidate and the region.
Resistance to antibiotics represents an enormously serious problem which must be resolved immediately and effectively.
Threats from ongoing poverty, the social exclusion of large swathes of the population, spiralling unemployment, geopolitical changes in the Arab world, take particular note of that, natural disasters and immigration are the basic problems at present and presage tensions for the future.
My vote in favour of this report reflects the need for a European standard of rights for bus and coach passengers that ensures their comfort, safety and fair treatment as they travel across Europe.
With regard to the question relating to strategic relations between the European Union and Russia, the Council can inform Parliament that following the summit held with Russia in Stockholm in November, there will be another summit during the six-month Spanish Presidency.
Hundreds of thousands of children in sub-Saharan Africa die each year of diseases that are not fatal for anyone who has access to basic care.
Furthermore, competitiveness can only be achieved through the promotion of research, innovation and technological development and the provision of correspondingly high quality vocational training for European citizens.
We must also review some requests that go back to the negotiations on the original agreement, in which Mauritania, for example, made a last minute request for further biological rest periods on fishing in May and June, in addition to that already agreed for the months of September and October.
What is the Commissioner's view on that?
I agree with the Commission's proposal for a five-year extension of the current requirement for EU Member States to have a minimum standard value added tax (VAT) rate of 15%, based on Article 113 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
They failed to carry out such screening, which, in our view, was a requirement.
A new party, the National Front for Democracy, which may be eligible, consists partly of former leaders of the National League for Democracy, in other words, the former party of Aung San Suu Kyi;
The Commission and Parliament must now form an axis of power that truly overcomes resistance on the part of the Member States that have been unwilling to make progress in this matter.
I think we can all do it now, and the Commission is ready to proceed in that way.
One news agency told a story of two children who were about to cross the road in Gaza.
One is the issue of the European patent.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (
The key to addressing these issues hinges, inter alia, on the introduction of a new policy, in other words in eliminating the policy of double standards.
The exclusively Community nature of these matters is explicitly confirmed by rulings from the Court of Justice and the opinions of the legal services.
This is urgent, Commissioner.
For this, we need a system of collective redress so that consumers do not stand alone in this internal market, but are also able to really assert their rights.
Libraries, whilst an important store of information, are vastly underused resources, with nine out of ten books not being accessed, and there are many thousands of books unavailable to consumers due to their being out of print or the non-viability of publication.
in writing. - I voted against the removal of the Parliamentary immunity of Bruno Gollnisch because: 1.
The critical issues are adequately highlighted, as are the positive elements.
Many of us did not believe we would see the Berlin Wall come down in our lifetime.
Even tighter controls in connection with new permits will incur huge costs without any essential benefit to the environment.
We disapprove of this move, because if it is a joke, then it really should only be a short one.
I am one of those that consider that we need to develop more effective child protection policies to prevent situations of poverty, abuse and child abandonment, along with alternatives to their confinement in institutions, among which adoption should play a key role.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Madam President, let me try to be brief.
The Iranian regime is hailing the arrival of the revolutionary wave which originated in its own country in 1979 and which they believe is now spreading across the Arab world, while the Iranian opposition considers itself the instigator of the mass popular protests in Tunis and Cairo.
The only really practical means of doing this is through cooperation with such countries and running joint projects.
To this end, the motion highlights, in fact, the need for the Commission to fulfil its responsibility of keeping Parliament constantly informed of the progress of its negotiations with non-EU operators.
In the European Union it is well known that freedom of expression is virtually unrestricted.
Only then can the aid actually have the desired effect.
A great deal more could be done in those areas.
We will continue to use all the means at our disposal - dialogue and engagement, United Nations channels and restrictive measures, but also assistance - to help persuade the new government to improve its record.
I have the pleasure of informing you that members of a delegation from the National Assembly of Mauritania have taken their seats in the official gallery.
Yes, we also say that the European budget is not about the duplication of national budgets, but about delivering common goals beyond the capacity of nation states where European funds can realise economies of scale or create synergies.
The Commission is proposing to amend it, with the aim of ensuring consistency between all the elements of the legislative framework, and also of clarifying the scope of some of the financed measures.
What are you actually proposing?
Many regions of the world are teetering on the brink of disaster.
The second certainty is that there needs to be a global approach to or way of dealing with the problem.
The strategy stresses that health services need to continue the process of adaptation to properly reflect the specific needs of women and men.
These three reports were drawn up following the proposal for a Single Market Act published by the European Commission.
I voted for this protocol because it will encourage greater information exchanges with Andorra on security-related risk management and controls, as well as the standardisation of EU customs security measures, and will encourage the safe movement of goods between Andorra and other EU countries.
This is compounded by the fact that 15% of these young people dropped out of school and thus lack any qualifications for the labour market.
At the same time I welcome the proposal of the European Commission and the Council concerning rules for labelling video games and the creation of a voluntary code of practice for interactive video games that are intended for children.
Nevertheless, this solution raises a number of questions about its future applicability, particularly given that the development of the technology required is still in its early stages, it is expected to be expensive, and there are potential risks associated with it.
Tyre suppliers also have the duty to provide explanations on their website about these indicators, as well as recommendations concerning driver behaviour.
(NL) Mr President, with the decision on the Eurovignette, Europe is taking a step in the right direction in order to be able to apply the 'polluter pays' principle to road transport.
We can observe that both institutions have a lot in common as regards sound financial management and European added value.
The bulk of resources necessary will simply be transferred from the sections of the European Council, Council and Commission.
I think it was Mr Posselt who described the conflict as a civil war and, sadly, the people who tabled this joint motion for a resolution refused, according to my colleague, to term it a civil war.
I believe that the strengthening of this network would not be necessary if each individual Member State had the power to control who does and who does not come onto its lands.
Another subject that we dealt with during that day of work, in which relatives of the victims also participated, is the liability of operators in the transport chain and thus, the question of the rights of those who are involved in rail accidents.
Why do we have so many social and labour market problems in the European Union?
I am very pleased with the outcome of the vote.
However, I would like to remind my fellow Members that we should avoid employing double standards, especially here in this House.
Yes, it is essential to prevent the death sentence being imposed on Mr Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri and on many others, but we could have condemned more strongly the position of the United States in this regard, while regretting, at the very least, the change in attitude on the part of President Obama, particularly with regard to military tribunals.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Thank you for this opportunity to deal with the very interesting issue of our foreign policy on the Andean Community.
Debate on the safety of extraction is inevitable, and a comparison of theoretical safety standards with those which are actually being applied may prove surprising.
Furthermore, entrepreneurs, managers of small and medium-sized enterprises in the creative sector, need better access to financing opportunities, because we currently have too little know-how and too little access to bank finance.
It is time to congratulate the Commission and its President, who has always been very concerned about tackling the crisis, and to highlight that Parliament itself has shown great readiness to discuss this issue by setting up a special committee.
I firmly believe that accelerating Serbia's integration process is beneficial to the whole Western Balkans region.
in writing. - I fully concur that among the impacts of the economic crisis, the rise of poverty in the EU is the greatest concern.
This was a major Belgian effort, I believe we can say, begun under the Belgian Presidency of the Council with three important Belgians involved and, above all, because of the rapporteur, who succeeded in opening a door to the new routes.
We must move forward to allow all citizens to exercise and enjoy their rights to the full, without discrimination on grounds of belief, disability, age or sexual orientation, or of course, multiple discriminations.
Such behaviour only underlines the fact that it is only with independence - the normal status of independence - that Scotland can properly contribute to the international community, and I hope that the European Council will very soon be discussing internal enlargement of the European Union, with Scotland leading the way.
I should like to reiterate my conviction that businesses that also process food to make feed should be subject to better scrutiny, that the HACCP concept should be required as a basis for authorisation - possibly for authorisation throughout Europe - as that has also been a problem in both yesterday's and today's debates.
For it is all rather extraordinary.
It is wrong to make this an 'it is for Brussels, it is for the Commission, it is against the Member States ...' kind of debate, because it is ridiculous.
We are witnessing a plague striking small and medium-sized enterprises across the whole continent, caused by a lack of access to credit.
Let me be clear that we are not talking about micro-management, as a colleague has already said, or individual programmes and projects.
It is not that we are seeking enemies: we are trying to consolidate the positive experience but also bringing in industry.
We will have to build much on this pillar in the future and increase its effectiveness, since it forms an important link between European citizens and European institutions.
Madam President, can I thank the Commissioner very much for presenting this to us this morning, and thank Ms Stavreva very much for her report.
I am ashamed of our simple-mindedness and cowardice.
I should like, therefore, to put a question and a proposal to the Commissioner: could a partial solution not be the idea of 'sky solidarity', which would incorporate the principle of joint responsibility of airlines for passengers?
Here, I would like to underline how important it is that the Member States define the necessary criteria in order to safeguard a decent standard of living for senior citizens.
It is up to the European Parliament to send a signal to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania tomorrow.
Yesterday, for example, there was a story going around in the media that the Ministry of Defence had paid out an awful lot of money to the families of victims of violence in order to buy their silence.
Therefore, it was time to repeal the abovementioned legislation and draw up a new directive recognising the work of assisting spouses and putting them on a par in terms of social security protection with self-employed workers.
We are waiting for an updated waste management plan from Greece.
This is a positive step, as we are in the middle of the programming period.
In recognition of the fact that the early closure represented an exceptional financial burden, and as an act of solidarity, the European Union committed itself to provide adequate additional financial assistance for the decommissioning of these reactor units until the end of 2013.
Extending the mandate for a guarantee for the European Investment Bank is very important, and I hope the conciliation procedure will achieve complete success.
That is why we took a pragmatic solution, prompting Member States to complete their election procedures as quickly as possible, provided, obviously, that all the parliamentarians who are going to join us are going to be directly elected.
Our economies are disoriented, and we are still struggling today to get back on an even keel in the face of determined emerging powers.
This is because it has become patently obvious to everyone in this Chamber from what she said - at least it is basically to me, but I do not know whether it has become clear to everyone else - that new legislation implementing Hungary's constitution still needs to be adopted, and then it will become clear whether anyone's rights are being violated.
There is political stalemate in Albania.
I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all members of this delegation.
The ban imposed by the new regulation on more than 1 000 substances used in cosmetics that have been classified as carcinogenic or toxic is also a good thing.
The Canadian authorities have established an office in Prague - that is one condition that we imposed on them - and they are also establishing a roadmap towards restoring visa freedom again.
We quite simply need pupils and students to have access to the most up-to-date knowledge of our time.
Under Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union, Ukraine may apply for membership of the EU, as can any European state that adheres to the principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and the rule of law.
From the perspective of budgetary control, which in modern terms also covers the actual output and performance of European programmes and institutions, the EIB has definitely earned its high rating, in particular with regard to political reliability.
The European Union has done excellent work as regards protecting and strengthening consumer rights and health.
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, we could certainly call the political situation in Albania today a stalemate.
Europe must nevertheless succeed in applying tougher regulations to a sector that otherwise risks becoming increasingly invasive, particularly as a result of the use of new technologies It is in fact increasingly common for consumers to provide sensitive data without being aware of the results that may be derived from them.
It should not be afraid to say the word ...
We certainly believe that these funds are helpful and we believe they need secure funding for the next financial period or the next programming period, because unfortunately, even if prosperity is coming, we will have to anticipate significant redundancies in certain cases due to restructuring and cross-border relocations.
The President of Parliament referred, in his first statement on the subject, to the fact that we should also listen clearly to the 'no' votes.
I think that this issue of a legal basis needs to be resolved as it is delaying implementation of the plans, which is essential for conserving the resource and regulating fishing.
However, there are many reservations to be made.
I think this is irresponsible.
The subject is clearly very important, both for its marked impact on health protection and for the fight against the criminal activities associated with the drug market.
It could have been a milestone, but the conditions were simply not right.
I want to remind you that together we have made a big breakthrough.
(ES) Madam President, the Spanish Members from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament deeply regret the death of Orlando Zapata, and the situation of the prisoners of conscience, and we very firmly call for their release.
What are the reasons for the Council to rush into adopting the recommendation without the European Parliament's opinion?
The Vice President of the Commission knows that there are several other third countries that are still not honouring the principle of reciprocity with regard to all the Member States of the European Union.
We must pay much, much more attention to creating new jobs and securing existing ones.
Applying this logic in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, I am questioning the efficiency of the four agencies which we have been discussing: Eurofund, ETF, OSHA and the improbably named Cedefop.
However, there is one concern about our tactics and we need, first of all, to convince society at large and then proceed dynamically to integrate certain productive sectors into the quantum leap by agriculture: that is why we need to remember that agriculture has already been included in the national commitments to reduce emissions by 10% by 2020, that there are already important proposals from the CAP for environmentally-friendly agricultural practices and that international agreements on agriculture must be reciprocal for all international partners.
We are talking about Roxana Saberi, an American-Iranian journalist who worked for ABC Radio, the BBC and South African television.
Russia's intention to complete negotiations in parallel with Belarus and Kazakhstan, with which it is planning a customs union, still leaves many questions unanswered.
I will not enter into this ideological discussion against Europe in which, may I say, it is interesting to see the extreme right and extreme left united against the euro and against the European project.
Trade deregulation in the textiles and clothing industry has brought about far-reaching changes in global trade patterns, with the upshot being a general trend to relocate production outside the EU to countries where production costs are lower, such as China and Morocco.
Extending reduced rates of VAT to locally supplied and labour-intensive services is a positive step in this direction.
Adoption of the economic governance package proves yet again that the European project is still alive and that it is on the basis of conciliation among the 27 that the Member States will overcome their difficulties and, at the same time, confront the challenges of the future.
This is not an issue that we need to concern ourselves with.
Despite the importance of the work that these bodies were charged with, including, among other issues, equality proofing legislation, these bodies have ceased to be, given the drastic cuts in funding available to them.
Firstly, the European Union is getting over the failure of the Lisbon strategy, which was devised by the European Council in 2000 with a view to making the European Union the world's knowledge-based economy by 2010.
It is of great importance that we apply the agreement as soon as is feasible.
The euro poses no risk to the Mediterranean economies.
The statements I have just heard are, regrettably, far from reassuring.
The markets are speculating on a euro break-up.
There have also been cases when minorities numbering several million persons have been ignored and have been refused the status of a minority.
Please do not expect that MEPs from Central Europe will lend unconditional support to an increase in spending on the External Action Service in a situation when their interests and their countries are not going to be equally represented in these new institutions.
(ES) Mr President, I would like to start by acknowledging the work done by the Swedish Presidency of the Council and the Commission to drive forward the multi-annual programme for the next five years in the area of freedom, security and justice.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the report which we are debating this evening and on which we shall vote tomorrow is part of a major effort to implement the 20/20/20 package, which I believe is still one of the most far-sighted and significant things to have come out of the last European parliamentary term.
Situation in Yemen (debate)
Despite this, I believe that the rapporteurs have succeeded in strengthening the continuity of legal protection and guaranteeing maximum protection for victims, while ensuring legal certainty.
The trade preferences were granted for a period ending on 31 December 2010 and currently apply to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo, as defined by UNSCR 1244/99 for all the products under the scope of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009.
That awakens my mistrust and a certain degree of scepticism.
I think it is a step forward.
The opportunity for legal immigrants to obtain the necessary residence and work documents by means of a single procedure for the entire territory of the European Union would have been a decisive step forward, and a right and proper corollary to the necessary reinforcement of the fight against illegal immigration through greater cooperation with the coastal Member States and the strengthening of Frontex.
Public and private financial institutions must do their best to ensure that the markets work to benefit the real economy and small and medium-sized enterprises, in order to put them in a position to contribute to the economic recovery and growth in Europe.
That is not the objective that we are working together to achieve and we therefore need to hold very intensive talks on how to organise this cooperation.
We should remember that, yes, there is a role for a fast-food chain, but it would be a terrible thing if, in years to come, all we found when we travelled through Europe was fast food.
We have not yet solved the problems in the Gulf of Mexico, nor do we know where the next problems will occur.
Frontex really needs to be able to undertake this training task.
Written Statements (Rule 149)
Budget support must always be accompanied by actions to develop the receiving country's parliamentary control and audit capacities and to increase transparency and public access to information, and civil society should be involved in monitoring budget support.
Secondly, do you have any specific proposals for reducing air pollution - in the cities at least?
in writing. - I note that the Court of Auditors has once again drawn attention to a large volume of carryovers and cancellations of operational appropriations by several agencies in the financial year 2009.
The main aim of the Commission's proposals is to tighten up the regulations of the Stability and Growth Pact.
Financial assistance must be allocated as soon as possible, particularly in cases where a single company has made thousands of employees redundant.
This is not just about Greece, but the stability of the entire eurozone economy.
These include the introduction of controls on brokering activities and transit with regard to dual-use items.
They go straight from being exploited in illegal work to being expelled.
Without international and regional support that advances the emergence of favourable conditions for its implementation, the agreement will have little chance of success.
President of the Commission. - There are two questions here.
The next item is the vote.
If the European Union gains a place on the UN Security Council, such a conflict may have a very adverse impact on the European Union's image.
In this sense, I voted in favour of stricter financial supervision, even though that alone will not suffice by a long chalk.
I therefore call for regular meetings of the Ministers for Employment and Social Affairs in the G20.
(Applause)
I would also like to compliment rapporteur Gauzès and the Council on reaching a reasonable conclusion to the regulation of credit rating agencies.
So I wonder: will you offer EUR 35-40 billion a year in new aid for climate measures?
The Commission does not see our commitment to the EPA process ending on signature.
Even if discrimination on the grounds of ethnic origin can be eliminated, the socio-economic exclusion of the majority of the Roma population remains a harsh reality.
This is the only real way of ensuring that the pattern of debt and deficit will be monitored more closely.
I await with great interest the completion of the ratification process and I am eager for us to get its implementation under way.
in writing. - I voted for this resolution.
For this reason, along with the questions that were formally submitted in writing, particularly the one asking how the Commission intends to address the issue of sensitive products, I would like to know how it intends to react to Argentina's understandable action.
The EU Solidarity Fund can also provide assistance in this kind of situation, bearing some of the costs of the emergency measures implemented in order to restore the infrastructure, provide temporary shelter and protect the natural heritage.
I should just like to emphasise two particular aspects.
These many crises give rise, among our fellow citizens, to a great deal of expectation and to a hope to which the Europe 2020 strategy should have responded.
We have put forward various options for doing this, but I have a preference for one of them, and Commissioner Lewandowski knows very well which one it is: it is the tax on financial transactions or, as it is known in many of our countries, the Robin Hood tax.
The completed report includes such important aspects as support for adapting ports and ships to the needs of people with reduced mobility and the requirement for ratification of the ILO 2006 Maritime Labour Convention and, moreover, it asks for the industry to incorporate the Convention into its practices.
The agreement with the Russian Federation lays the groundwork for improved cooperation between the two parties.
Take a look at who really holds the power in important organisations such as the European Nuclear Safety Regulators Group (ENSREG) and the Western European Nuclear Regulators Association (WENRA).
in writing. - (FR) The social economy needs more than ever to have a specific legal framework and Mrs Toia's report is a step in the right direction.
We had a very harsh dictatorship from 1967 to 1974 and, at that time, any condemnation from the Council of Europe or an international organisation gave hope to the citizens fighting in Greece.
That would solve the problem that the day only has 24 hours, the problem which cannot be otherwise solved.
Once again they are attacking Cuba and its people, by seeking to meddle in its independence and sovereignty, its economic and social successes and its exemplary internationalist solidarity.
(DE) Madam President, I would like once again to point out that the Kurdish Democratic Society Party ban means that a total of 27 Kurdish parties have been banned by the Turkish Government in recent years.
Delivering budget support is not blind support.
Very significant progress has been made in terms of complying with the standards of a market economy.
(DE) Mr President, following the confidence vote yesterday in Athens with the result that we are all aware of, the Bild newspaper in Germany printed the headline 'Greek leader has survived - Europe can breathe a sigh of relief'.
It is part of our dialogue, and we have to be absolutely firm that no measures should be adopted that impede the rights of women.
In this sensitive area, it was essential to remain vigilant as regards respect for the division of competences between the European Union and the Member States and to ensure that Parliament adheres strictly to what the legal basis allows.
According to Article 218, our only choice is to say 'yes' or 'no', and, of course, we are going to give a clear yes to this.
We must therefore take every necessary step to ensure that such an environmental disaster never occurs in EU waters.
All that money is spent and yet it is the citizens and national budgets that will suffer as inequalities are heightened only further.'
We have long seen the convergence of powerful geo-strategic interests in the vast area encompassing the Middle and Near East, Central Asia and Northern Africa, including the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden, where Yemen has a strategic position (next to Somalia).
Indeed, we have exceeded the Pittsburgh expectations on the quota shift and on the representation of emerging economies.
(DE) Mr President, I have a high opinion of you and your chairmanship, but today I must make a protest.
For these reasons, I voted in favour of the report.
The changes to financial market regulation and market supervision represent a whole chapter in the effort to combat the current financial and economic crisis.
It is not possible to say anything against this argument or against the attitude of market radicals.
In this respect, the Rules of Procedure must be changed.
This directive has a different aim and purpose, however, and that is to ensure transparency and offer consumers certainty in the naming of novel fibres and novel materials.
Stacking errors can also be a cause of the problem, together with old or damaged equipment.
I would also be interested to hear what form the discussions with the countries of origin (Tunisia and Egypt, for example) take and whether we Europeans are making headway in this area.
I believe you will all agree that the biggest achievement of the Third Energy Package is the protection afforded to Europe's consumers and citizens.
I think it is an extremely good resolution and I also think it is excellent that there is, on the whole, a high level of consensus in the Commission, as well as in the Council and the European Parliament, on these matters.
Finally, this review will reinforce supervision and enforcement across financial markets with a key role foreseen for the new European Securities and Markets Authority.
As far I as can make out, the current status of the negotiations provides for an imbalance in the treatment of geographic indications and marks, in favour of the latter, as well as the failure to act, in violation of Article 22 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of International Property Rights, on marks that use denominations protected by geographical indications.
This point is clearly stated in the document's introduction.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as Mr Takkula has just said, cyanide technology is a common method in mining.
Action must be taken before incidents occur so as to prevent them.
Secondly, there is the corruption.
Nor is the solution to encourage the Moldovan elites to leave the country as holders of foreign passports.
We must now speedily examine it in Parliament.
Lastly - this is my last point, Mr President - I call on the Spanish Presidency to agree to financial supervision very quickly.
The cost of producing the milk is higher than the price for which it is sold.
The transatlantic partnership should concentrate on maximising the potential benefits of our economic relationship, with the reinforcement of the Transatlantic Economic Council.
Meanwhile, regular audits would strengthen nuclear safety and residents' confidence in nuclear energy.
I would like to draw attention to the fact that while using new technical measures, which are aimed at achieving a high level of airport security, it is also very important to set boundaries between human rights and security itself, as those measures are not only related to the protection of citizens, but to the impact on their rights and freedoms.
Finally, just a few key problems remain.
We are already preparing for the task of consulting consumers on some fundamental questions, namely: what kind of information is important and how should it be made available; in what way should technological developments, such as electronic commerce, affect the purchase of textile products; to what extent does the growing need for traceability, sustainability and corporate social responsibility influence the textile fibre market; how can we make better use of available technology in the digital age; how can we, as institutions of the European Union, adapt our laws to the growing needs of citizens regarding ethical, social and environmental issues.
It is absolutely crucial for the European Commission to make adjustments for the current situation and realities of life in the country in question when negotiating partnership agreements.
In addition, together with Ukraine, my country is preparing to host next year's European football championship.
Quite often, they are the governments who are worried about their aid budgets being cut because, with less aid money coming to them, it is more difficult to keep corrupt and inefficient governments in power.
This means that there must be a second commitment period for the industrialised nations under the Kyoto Protocol.
This is something that takes place right under our noses, but it seems there is a certain reluctance to talk about the problem using the correct terms.
On Monday, there will be a GAERC meeting at which the question of what to do about Belarus will certainly come up.
I also believe that we will have to cover all of the Union's policies with this comprehensive data protection system.
The final text of this report emphasises the strategic role that the European Union must play in international organisations.
The EU's support for election processes around the world is important.
This White Paper on Sport is making good progress in implementation.
One fundamental principle for the work relating to return is that it must have legal certainty and be humane and efficient.
Over the last few days, I have read articles about Baroness Ashton which have astonished me, because they criticise her absence and her lack of policies.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, stress tests are the latest thing.
After putting up bold resistance for several months, the European Commission gave in slightly to the pressure exerted by farmers, 21 Member States, including Hungary, and the European Parliament, which already demanded additional resources for the sector during their informal meeting held in Brussels last Monday.
It does not matter to me how the universe was created, or in what time frame.
The vote will follow.
The debate will undoubtedly rumble on.
Quite simply, I do not think this is good enough.
Wars and armed conflicts, ethnic tension, systematic human rights violations like refusal to allow people to practice their religious faith, natural disasters and the lack of proper economic and democratic structures are the main causes of this type of migration flow.
There has already been a debate in the German Parliament and I also received an email today from the Social Democratic Party of Germany which very clearly argued that the European Parliament must be active in this area.
Therefore, our group will be voting against a dual legal base, both for these original amendments, and indeed the recital.
We have decided to give this instrument a wider geographical scope in order to allow new countries to benefit from it, countries which are developing ever more rapidly and which will soon be significant trading partners for the European economy, such as countries in Asia, Central Asia, Latin America and South Africa.
The European Commission yesterday proposed compensation of EUR 150 million for vegetable growers who suffered damages as a result of the intestinal infection in Germany.
Let us support energy produced within the EU, which is a secure resource.
Taking into account the available information, it must be believed that this is one of the difficulties of the different European legislation on immigration.
The EU's forthcoming budget should respond more effectively to the day-to-day problems faced by the public.
Madam President, we hear many people express concern about migration today.
The Commission should draft the new regulation on GSP as soon as possible.
In these tragic days, as true friends of Japan, we reiterate the strategic importance of the EU-Japan relationship.
However, while we have a duty to propose a text that takes account of the public's fears, we must not, for all that, neglect the demands of researchers.
The request referred to the redundancies within the enterprise General Motors Belgium and in four of its suppliers.
There is no doubt that by submitting to the supervision of the Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, the Union has the opportunity to strengthen the human rights aspect of foreign policy and security and, in so doing, to promote the idea of human rights more effectively around the world, to the extent that the EU treats its own human rights obligations seriously.
Mr President, I should like to begin by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for their cooperation and the work that we did together, as well as thanking the rapporteurs for the opinions of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, and of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
To be honest with you, there are different approaches among the G8 partners to the Hamas-PLO cooperation and to the issue of the 1967 borders.
Documents received: see Minutes
However, with FLEGT, we are definitely not taking a wrong step.
It is time for action.
It is, in fact, appropriate to harmonise the different provisions of the existing agreements by means of a horizontal Community agreement.
This is an outrageous crime against democratic principles and an equally outrageous example of the arrogance of power that characterises cooperation in the EU.
How intensive is the dialogue on these critical points?
Moreover, appropriate legal proceedings have been initiated in order to obtain a refund for the costs incurred following the disaster.
In closing, I hope that careful consideration will be given to the implications of having a predominantly Muslim country that is part of the Organisation of the Islamic conference, many of the principles of which conflict with the Christian roots of Europe, as a member of the European Union.
So national parliaments are greatly affected by the changes afoot.
There are many specific points.
It is important to remember that settlements between Israel and Syria and between Israel and Lebanon are prerequisites for there to be peace in the Middle East.
Enabling people to vote in local elections would enable them to feel part of their community and part of the management of their own local communities and would help, as I say, to overcome barriers.
Our strategic partnership is strong, which permits us to tackle all issues, including the most sensitive ones.
I agree with all those parliamentarians who have underlined the problem of prison conditions in Europe.
I have one further question: do we know exactly what technology we would need to be able to deal with this situation better?
In other words, henceforth, we have the mechanisms in the Treaty of Lisbon - there is no need to invent anything new ...
Is this a problem in Europe today?
To a large extent, this will depend on the role of the supervisory authorities, which will have to carry out their mandates competently and effectively so as to pass on the necessary confidence to investors and companies.
So then, the benefits cannot be denied.
However, without taking into account and harmonising individual Member States' interests and delicate issues, the Service will not be able to function effectively.
I voted for this resolution today in order to influence the new mandate that the European Commission will have to negotiate a new agreement with the United States.
Obviously it is very difficult to speak with all this confusion; in any case I am finishing.
This would be in the interests of all citizens affected by security issues in their daily lives.
Today, the European Union is the only industrialised bloc that has completely opened its markets for the least developed countries with duty-free, quota-free access in all areas.
So far this year, over 200 000 hectares of forest have been destroyed by fire in the European Union.
This makes it vital to provide a coherent European contract law regime in order to achieve the Internal Market's full potential and help meet our Europe 2020 strategy objectives.
On the political front, since I last reported to you in January, we have all pursued our intensive diplomatic activity.
It will also make it possible to protect privacy better and to combat illegal practices on the internet by improving the security and the integrity of electronic communication networks.
We need a mature and harmonised programme instead of a hastily mounted communication campaign.
It is aimed at enhancing workers' qualifications and preserving jobs so that these are filled by qualified people.
There is no need for me to read out all the questions.
The only solution is zero immigration or negative immigration, bringing an end to family members joining immigrants already in situ, and the willingness to integrate must at long last be something that is demanded.
Mr President, honourable Members, the European Union is working closely together with the United States of America in the war against terror.
The next item is the debate on the oral question by Louis Michel, Charles Goerens, Antonyia Parvanova, Frédérique Ries, Olle Schmidt, Maria Da Graça Carvalho, Nessa Childers, Marc Tarabella, Bart Staes and Marina Yannakoudakis on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, to the Commission on the Tuberculosis Vaccine Initiative -B7-0006/2011).
It really is too soon to mention the deadline of the COP16 in December 2010.
Unfortunately, there are also dozens of dead to mourn, a considerable number of injured and missing people and hundreds of homeless.
I think we should all be very pleased with that.
It seems now as if a presidential pardon is the only hope for a formal reversal of the sentence.
A report that equates democratic Israel with a group officially listed by the EU as a terrorist organisation and a report that fails to give reasonable consideration to the deeper causes of the conflict is not one that we can vote in favour of.
But it does give us pause for thought on the question of how long it will take to rebuild Haiti: it will take a very long time because it will not happen without this institutional infrastructure in place.
Many citizens want to know where the fibres and textiles come from.
At the same time I would like to add that irrespective of whether the proposal is appreciated and supported or not, the most effective method to eliminate similar threats in the future is to allow these countries to enter the euro zone as quickly as possible.
Doctors, medicines and medical support services must be deployed urgently and in great numbers.
Furthermore, I believe that it is very important that the Agreement prohibits anti-competitive practices.
Iceland can also bring a valuable contribution to EU environmental and energy policies due to its experience in the field of renewable energies, particularly as regards the utilisation of geothermal energy, protection of the environment and measures to deal with climate change.
Mr President, first I would like to welcome the Stockholm Programme as the best way forward to a citizen-centred Europe, and to thank both Minister Ask and Minister Billström for their vision.
We say: σιδηροκέφαλος, which means may you have an iron head in order to sustain everything that will fall on it during a difficult course.
European political parties have to cooperate closely with their members in national and regional parties, and therefore they should enjoy favourable working conditions and should be allocated funding.
I do, of course, welcome the declarations made by the High Representative that she is going to give particular attention to ensuring participation in the service by citizens from all the Member States, and I also welcome the provision that in 2013, a report will be presented in which the High Representative will provide information on the work of the service.
This Parliament has no right to introduce legislation.
(RO) Mr President, the high unemployment rate means that the investments made by Member States in young people's education are being wasted at a time when the latter feel obliged to emigrate to a state outside the European Union.
This is what I would call back home one of the more classic European Parliament dossiers.
The creation of new connections between the energy networks of the Member States will also allow the internal market to operate more effectively.
The Greek Government knows that the process requires new momentum and is genuinely determined that the issue be resolved.
Our common contribution to the humanitarian aid efforts presently stands at more than EUR 320 million from Member States and the European Commission in cash and in kind.
9.
In France, that means 2.5 million jobs or 10% of wage and salary earners, and 15% of expenditure on research and development.
The judges decided unanimously that a cross at school breaks the European Convention on Human Rights.
Yet, for the sustainability of our multi-ethnic society, is there any alternative to higher education?
We must welcome anything which makes roads safer.
Mr President, representatives of the Commission and Council, ladies and gentlemen, I took responsibility for presenting the European Parliament resolution on the 2010 progress report on the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
in writing. - (PT) The duties of the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex) are to support Member States in the training of border guards, including the establishment of common training guidelines; to carry out risk analysis; to monitor the development of relevant research on the subject of controlling and observation of external borders; to support the Member States in any circumstances requiring increased operational and technical assistance at external borders; and to provide the Member States with the necessary support in the area of mass return operations.
Madam President, we hope that we will be surprised by effective, authoritative action: in that case, at the end of the six months, we will have the intellectual honesty to give credit for it.
However, it is in essence a paean to ESDP, which we have opposed both in principle and in practice for more than ten years.
We in the ECR also hope that Ratko Mladić will be caught and sent to The Hague, though it is by no means certain that he is on Serbian territory.
These problems constitute a serious barrier to cross-border trade in the services sector and to equal conditions of competition on the market, with all that implies.
Another aspect we feel is important, and is therefore featured in the report, is that the European Investment Bank should participate in the financing of the EU 2020 Strategy pending ratification, which focuses on job creation.
I mentioned that the home is sometimes the most dangerous place for children.
The Council's position is foreseen for the end of October through the final report of the Van Rompuy task force on economic governance.
The debate is closed.
The field of research and development faces particular challenges in this respect.
Estonia (vote)
Does it save energy?
From where can we obtain funding for growth before it becomes self-sustaining?
Without this, everything is held back and even international policy runs the risk of evaporating like smoke.
We have to be very careful - and I know honourable Members would want me to be - in not imposing what I think upon any other country.
I have voted in favour of the Evans report because the overall balance of the agreement reached with the Council is positive.
It seems to me extraordinary that this continent, which exported the idea of representative government and parliamentary democracy, which carried the seeds of democracy to far continents where they found fertile soil, should now have taken the axe to the ancestral tree here in Europe.
Of course, social protection costs money, for self-employed workers as well as for employed workers.
You say that workers should not worry, that we are working for them.
I thank you, and I also thank Baroness Ashton.
The social, economic and financial role of SMEs in the European Union is unquestionable.
I voted for the recommendation on the conditions for Swiss participation in the Youth in Action programme and in the Lifelong Learning programme because I consider it a positive factor in European youth strategy; this is because it is a stage in the cooperation process with this country on sectoral policies within the European Union.
It will keep everyone working towards a series of set deadlines.
Add to this the fact that 50% of AIDS patients in sub-Saharan Africa where HIV/AIDS is rife will develop TB, and we can see how lucky we are to be in the relatively controlled immunised area, having programmes such as we do.
We have offered to switch this to reconstruction under review.
Trade relations must be based on the needs of the majority of the population, not the greed of tiny elites and corporations.
That is a task I should like to entrust to you.
Infected persons may lose their right to work; infected children are sometimes excluded from school.
Of course, if Bashir refuses, then he should be prosecuted with the full force of international law.
I am pleased with the ALDE amendment which exempts micro-enterprises - that is businesses employing less than 10 people and with a turnover of less than two million - from the requirement to take back all small volume waste.
It is therefore clear that this event does not make a symbolic contribution but a legal contribution.
As you have listened to the opinions here, you will agree with me that the most difficult issue we have to tackle is the issue of admissibility - how we can find a solution which would avoid the frustration of citizens, how we can protect EU values, and how we can keep this institute of the European Citizens' Initiative serious and real.
Given the design of the DCI, the legislative gap was inevitable.
Antimicrobials, when used properly, are a useful tool to help farmers keep their livestock healthy and productive.
By adopting this recommendation, the European Parliament is playing a part in moving closer to the realisation of the EU's objective of a 20% improvement in its energy efficiency by 2020.
(PL) Madam President, Georgia is a strategically important country, in particular for the countries situated in the eastern part of the European Union.
Let us show that it is the same this time.
This was also the underlying idea of the founding fathers of the Economic and Monetary Union.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
(SV) Mr President, I would like to thank the Court of Auditors for an excellent piece of work and also Mr Kallas - it is good that you are continuing.
However, there are still many unresolved problems.
With regard to the number of commissioners, the European Council has, of course, decided that each State is to have one commissioner.
Human rights are constantly being violated by the brains behind the current regime, whether we are talking about the disgraceful conditions in which the residents of the Ashraf opposition camp are kept, the constant violation of women's rights, discrimination against homosexuals, the censorship of artists, etc.
Transfers of appropriations: see Minutes
I believe that this strategy would address the following issues of common interest: environment and climate change, including preventing and combating marine pollution by ships, transport and accessibility, research, innovation, culture, leisure and tourism, marine services and training, as well as fisheries and the seafood sector.
Firstly, massive investment is needed to produce and exploit the available oil: USD 350 billion per annum is the figure always quoted in this connection.
How did we respond in the Committee on Climate Change when fellow Members said 'we also want to hear the other point of view - the opposing position of some scientists'?
(DE) Mr President, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats I would like to ask you, pursuant to Article 151(1) and (3), to reject Amendment 45a, tabled by the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, as inadmissible insofar as it deals with the statement made by Pope Benedict for the following reasons.
I completely changed the text of my speech for all of this, Mr Piebalgs.
It will also allow them to ask for specific security clauses to protect classified information and ensure their security of supply.
I also call on many western Europeans, such as the French, to rein in their malice towards the east, as it was with the referendum in France that the European crisis ultimately started.
There must be zero tolerance of fraud when it comes to European funds and the European Union's budget.
Thank you.
For vulnerable consumers gambling on the Internet is usually conducted in isolated settings and experts in this area point to the increased problem of acting on impulse and the potential for unchecked and reckless gambling and because, with under-age gamblers, the traditional safeguards of conventional gambling are not present.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today, Europe must face up to a new dimension of problems such as terrorism, cyber threats and trafficking in human beings and drugs.
Large and small companies operate and journeys can take several days or just a few minutes.
The new Czech Minister for Health - who, like her predecessor, smokes - has the new proposal aimed at renewing ratification and will send it to the inter-agency process, so it will reach Parliament pretty soon.
The Arctic is not some sort of theme park or museum: it is a living, breathing community with its own modern economy and at the heart of that is what is taken from the seas.
I will not return to this point.
I endorse the rapporteur's emphasis on the need to move from a mere description of CFSP activities towards a dialogue with a strategic approach.
This fund is intended to be used for rural areas to retain or restore their population.
If the European Parliament wants to be taken seriously by the voters in the future, then it must, unambiguously and without any compromise, stand up for the right of its own members and of all of Europe's citizens to freedom of expression.
There is no understandable reason for excluding the entire sector from the regulations.
Then there is the Refoundation Party, which has its own newspaper, Liberazione.
They are not the final outcome, because tomorrow we will be taking a step towards consulting with the Council on how we can clear these last hurdles on our way to - what will hopefully be - an agreement in July.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
I agree with the rapporteur when he talks about the need for prudence regarding initiatives to regulate the financial markets.
This will enable us to rebuild the continent of Europe and encourage young people to become actively involved in shaping our common future.
(LT) On 10 October of this year, a fire broke out on the 'Lisco Gloria' as it sailed from Kiel to Klaipėda.
These figures come from organisations monitoring the persecution of Christians, and they mean that Christians do, in fact, suffer most in terms of religious persecution, which is something that we should remember here in Parliament.
The second proposal is this: the amount in aid to Greece could be used to repay our bonds.
Trade and cooperation are important tools in the fight against poverty, as well as for building more economically and socially stable national economies.
The first, of course, is jobs.
You must build on this achievement now and complete the ambitious programme of implementing legislation.
Written statements (Rule 149)
(DE) Mr President, in many ways, Pakistan is a fragile country.
This is my first short, or not so short, analysis, and we will have to try to work in order to get this durable ceasefire in order then to be able to go on and get peace negotiations under way with a new American administration.
We are on the eve of an important vote, an extremely important, almost historic vote because we are going to vote this week on the first Economic Partnership Agreements in this Parliament.
To those of you who did not foresee in your own elections, the last European elections, that it would be necessary to appoint, or rather, elect, additional Members, to you I say that this House will not lose any legitimacy just because two Members will come from national parliaments.
This priority needs to be reflected in the staff policy, and especially in training, as well as in development in general, human rights and conflict prevention.
It is not designed to replace a previous system; it is designed to introduce a new control system which has not previously existed, even in this form, which is what allowed the credit rating agencies to steam ahead regardless in the first place.
Our thinking is developing further in the light of the responses to the green paper consultation.
However, what we need to ensure and will ensure, and we have already taken the necessary measures, is that this crisis does not happen again in the future.
In fact, we must avoid the situation in the future where reallocations are made every week and every month.
'Allah akbar' was a slogan which was often heard during the protests.
There is also a tendency to say that if things do not go well, it is the Commission's fault or it is the fault of the European Central Bank or, better still, it is the euro's fault.
We firmly believe that we can make much better use of the cooperation between entrepreneurs in the cultural sector, on the one hand, and academia, both higher education - universities and higher education colleges - and secondary education, on the other, and that they offer a lot more opportunities than we are currently utilising.
'That the spirit of revolutionary change which has long been disturbing the nations of the world should have passed beyond the sphere of politics and made its influence felt in the related sphere of practical economics is not surprising'.
Budgetary plans should take account of the most important objectives of sustainable development, at the same time as being flexible and focused on concrete measures.
in writing. - I voted for this report.
I have voted against this report.
The next item is the vote.
We are convinced that these objectives can be achieved, and it is reasonable to expect tangible progress to be made.
If you are in a same-sex partnership or a civil partnership or a marriage, you can be discriminated against by a Member State on the precept of the concept of subsidiarity.
Lastly - before the President signals to me, because I am already nearing the end of my time - some of your suggestions are unnecessary.
For that, let me express my sincerest gratitude to those Members involved in the creative process.
Composition of Parliament: see Minutes
A further deepening of this cooperation, including the EUR 15 million budget for MEDIA 2011-2013, will broaden the choice for consumers and will bring more culturally diverse products into the European and international market.
They are included in full in the amendments that we have adopted and I believe that, with these amendments, it is wholly admissible to adopt the text, even from Mr Wurtz's viewpoint.
8.
For the second consecutive year, the Commission is recommending the commencement of membership talks with regard to Macedonia.
And, above all, and this is my last point, will you ensure that such a problem can never again occur?
in writing. - (DE) More than anything else the financial crisis has made it clear to us that credit rating agencies have a dangerous monopoly and that their evaluations are not always adequate and are sometimes highly risky.
Thank you, Mrs Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienė.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, thank you for giving me the opportunity to brief this House regarding the negotiations on the European Union-Libya Framework Agreement.
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used, whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them, and whether any resources are being wasted.
It devotes a particularly small amount of space to the growing phenomenon of the persecution of Christians, which is now happening not only in third countries, but also in Europe.
First of all, the safety provisions that are already in place in the EU are the most stringent in the world.
This would amount to around EUR 3 billion from 2020 onwards for a country like Germany.
Madam President, Commissioner, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe supports the views expressed in the opinion of the German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment to the effect that the ALARA principle, in other words, the principle of 'as low as reasonably achievable', should apply in the assessment of carcinogenic substances.
This signal could act as a guarantee against the risk of collapse of the euro area.
This is an important and necessary measure.
We have to constantly assess how the economic recovery package, the fiscal stimulus and the financial reforms are working and producing results.
rapporteur. - (SK) I would like to thank everyone taking part for the inspiring discussion and also the shadow rapporteurs for their constructive cooperation.
The shortcomings should never automatically lead to the reintroduction of border control.
I sincerely believe that this is unacceptable and that it needs to be reconsidered or qualified.
Written declarations for entry in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
I think that Mrs Trüpel has done a tremendous job, a truly outstanding job, enabling even budget veterans, those who have been drafting budgets for years in this House, to work under new conditions - those of the Treaty of Lisbon - with a single reading.
Are you aware of the reports by non-governmental organisations operating in the region of child labour, insanitary conditions and lack of hygiene in factories, the disastrous environmental impact on the Madang coast and illegal fishing?
I agreed with this resolution on the proposal for a Council decision authorising enhanced cooperation in the area of the creation of unitary patent protection.
According to the terms of this covenant, Iran must recognise political parties, trade unions, non-governmental organisations, the right to association, freedom of expression, etc.
If we take away their livelihood, they will have no chance of economic survival.
I stress that the decision to accept inmates must be the sovereign one of the Member State.
Explanations of vote
We need a social clause to be put into practice, so that the promises which were made that the citizens would really benefit from Europe are fulfilled and do not simply remain on paper.
In addition, there are many minor or particular, sectoral issues, some of which I would like to mention.
(SK) Even though all Member States are signatories to the Convention, the accession of the EU as a whole will represent not just a new dimension for human rights protection in the EU, but also - I would like to stress - a legal and political signal for a strengthening of relations between the EU and Europe.
We must make it clear in the interests of the workers that this directive must not be used to create cheap labour.
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and to thank her for her help and her excellent cooperation while working on the report.
This text supports the implacable logic of liberal dogmatism.
That Communication will set out what has been achieved so far and what still remains to be done.
I would like to see a proposal in the Commission's programme for a directive on combating violence against women.
It is not the same.
We recommend a robust and credible permanent crisis mechanism to safeguard the financial stability of the euro area as a whole.
The proper application of such a mechanism could increase the security and the predictability of our bilateral trade relations, and could represent a further step towards the creation and proper functioning of the Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Area.
(IT) Madam President, the plague of trafficking in human beings is a phenomenon that has taken on particularly worrying dimensions.
Even the economic viability of this particular activity would collapse if the principle of prevention and the 'polluter pays' principle were applied.
Why are we having this?
I believe that, despite the official results of the elections, Ukraine will continue on the same course - it will continue to support integration with the European Union, to make the state government more effective, to make the political system more balanced - and to continue with constitutional reform.
This is what will guide the action that I shall have the honour of directing in the College.
This decision aims to keep the mandate of the European Investment Bank (EIB) in place, specifically as regards the guarantee provided by the European Union against losses resulting from loans and guarantees for projects outside the European Union.
Ministers will never again be permitted to cover each other's backs when a Member State allows its public finances to derail.
First of all, we will all be making a positive contribution to reducing climate-damaging CO2 emissions, enabling us to bring an end to our major dependence on fossil fuels.
There is a lot to be done in this context in order to ensure that we protect the environment and that our transport routes are secure.
In conclusion, I share the concerns expressed by Italian industry representatives that industry is currently not in a position to sign up to more ambitious commitments than those already established by the European Council and confirmed by the Commission in the Emissions Trading Directive.
There is no news from the Commission on this matter, which makes us subordinate to United Nations mediation, which continues to fail just as it has done for the past 30 years.
In addition, we have carried out a revision for unused funds from 2009 so that a total of EUR 1.9 billion for energy and an additional EUR 420 million for broadband Internet in category II could be put in place.
So then, I feel that today we are not only working on the Marco Polo programme, rather we are sending a message on good law-making for the benefit of citizens and on simplifying access to Community projects.
Cyclically, passing from one programming period to the next, Europe has been faced with the need to update its cohesion objectives.
Despite the constant references to the principle of subsidiarity, it is very much a case here of laying the foundations for the harmonisation of pension systems in the European Union, if not in terms of the level of pensions, then at least in terms of their structure.
Mr President, on behalf of the 350 Ford workers being made redundant at Warley and Dunton in Essex, and on behalf of the 1 400 General Motors workers at IBC vans in Luton - double if you count suppliers - I want to welcome tonight's announcements that these car manufacturers will not be allowed to go down.
We should not confuse intellectual works, which are common heritage, with the spirit of business, which involves turning culture into a commodity.
As she knows well, and as the United Nations has stated, the situation in Haiti is the worst humanitarian disaster in decades, as the numbers of missing people, victims and deaths continue to rise.
By opening the door to a supranational foreign and security policy, by giving more power to European institutions and abolishing national vetoes in policy areas crucial to our states, the Treaty takes a dramatic step towards the superstate feared by many.
In addition, Member States can use financial engineering to set up guarantee funds in order to help women to get access to credit.
We have therefore signed the resolution.
The political plans and positions of our executive can also be regularly debated in the Committee on Foreign Affairs in meetings where the future Chairman of the Permanent Representatives Committee provides information on issues that are debated in the PRC.
Our problem concerns the fact that not all of the EU's Member States apply the same criteria with regard to the export of dual-use items.
Negotiation leads to the most acceptable decision for all concerned.
The Strategy for the Danube Region aims to improve how this river is used as a transport route, which is likely to involve deepening the navigation channels.
I note with particular regret that the 'million4disability' initiative launched in 2007 by the community of 80 million persons with disabilities living in the European Union, which produced 1.35 million authentic signatures, remained unsuccessful.
For all these reasons, we must foster mechanisms to promote an international adoption instrument inspired by protecting children, harmonising the different requirements and procedures laid down in the legislation of the Member States, in particular, applying Article 21 of the European Charter of Children's Rights and taking into consideration Article 24 of our Charter of Fundamental Rights.
It was not better, however.
On the one hand, we have wanted to be able to guarantee respect for and celebrate every language spoken in the European Union, whether we are talking about national, regional or minority languages, or languages spoken by citizens who have come from other continents. On the other hand, we have wanted to ensure that this celebration of diversity achieves the common aim which we all want, namely, to preserve and consolidate the unity of the European Union, in other words, our unity.
Therefore, we must put the focus on the social aspect of the EU.
That is why I welcome the strengthening of regional cooperation in these areas and ensuring a better institutional capacity in this regard.
Regulation (EC) No 861/2006 sets out Community financial measures for the implementation of the common fisheries policy and the Law of the Sea, this being an important EU financial instrument in the area of fisheries.
The EU should concentrate on strengthening internal security and increasing the defensive capabilities of its members, especially Member States which share a border with countries where extreme nationalist ideologies are popular, and also Member States which have attracted the interest of terrorist groups.
I suppose the best example of that is the arrival today in Copenhagen of the President of the United States and the Prime Minister of China, something unthinkable a few years ago.
One last thing: other ethnic minorities and sexual minorities.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (NL) 'Gokken is dokken' (to gamble is to cough up) is a well-known saying in the Netherlands.
Parliament has succeeded in ensuring that the conditions for refusing prior authorisation are limited and set out in an exhaustive list, in order to give patients legal certainty.
A resolution would have been helpful to the dissidents in Iran if we had confirmed to them in a tangible statement that what was officially described as a presidential election did not in any way meet international standards of democracy because most of the candidates were rejected by the Guardian Council and because even those who were permitted to stand cannot be considered to have been given equal conditions.
As development aid must be reciprocal, my country will continue to observe its commitments.
The report also gives an estimate of the irregularities which have occurred regarding expenditure managed directly by the Commission, as well as an overview of the operational activities of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF).
Mr President, as we meet here in Strasbourg, half the population of the city of Cork, in my constituency of Munster, is without water in their homes - and this is 2009!
I therefore think that it is important for the EU to make an effort to strengthen its role in the OSCE, given its global nature and the diversity of its members.
The ENPI can become more effective through greater rapprochement by the citizens from the partner countries and by encouraging the process of Europeanisation at every level.
You can count on me at the Commission to be uncompromising in my defence of the European interest.
I have received one motion for a resolutiontabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
We also need to take into account the problems of the dairy farmers in Austria and the Alpine region.
In January last year, the Council observed that the Member States had acted forcefully and decisively to free up the credit markets, amongst other things.
(The President cut off the speaker)
It is essential that Parliament is and remains involved in these negotiations and that European regulations are not eroded.
18.
All Members who have requested the opportunity to speak will be told in advance if they have been chosen or not.
For these reasons, we have chosen not to vote for the agreement with the US on the transfer of bank data.
Further work on the political criteria remains key.
(RO) I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Ţicău, for all her efforts on this report.
Thus, with this new agreement, the EU is allowing itself once again to be deceived by the United States, and that is something that I cannot support.
Even people who work on children's rights have been warned not to go to Nizhny Novgorod.
What is the Commission's strategy to deal with the fact that 97% of illegal cigarettes are evading the legitimate tax net at the European taxpayer's expense and, subsequently, to the detriment of European security?
It is a problem for everyone in the world.
Therefore, the reinforcing of the Community assistance mechanism is a demonstration of solidarity between Member States; it will have a stabilising role on the financial markets and will serve to reduce the risk of instability in the European Union's economy as a whole.
I think investing in youth is crucial, and so I would like to express my thanks, and also the thanks of the Committee on Culture and Education, for all efforts whose objective is to support measures relating to investment in young people.
My final point: I believe that it is also important to take steps on a social level to enhance the image of the profession among young people.
The next item is the report by Mr Belder, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on the EU's approach towards Iran (A7-0441/2011).
The low points included the lack of regulation of the financial markets, because the Commission lacked the courage to take the necessary measures against individual Member States which were blocking progress, the noticeable increase in the power of the Council, and the high-handedness of individual Commissioners who have disregarded the concept of subsidiarity.
These Member States also need to be supported in modernising their heavily polluting industrial sectors in order to reduce emissions, but preserve jobs and ensure economic development.
Ideally, Iran would like to see the advent of an Islamic republic including political ayatollahs, Sharia law, the stoning of women and the hanging of homosexuals.
It is important that the EU does not just respond to the crisis by eliminating the most acute problems, but that it also prepares more fundamental reform of economic governance.
We are very well aware of the challenges we continue to face in this area.
One of these systems is based on the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the case-law of the Court of Justice, and the other is based on the European Convention on Human Rights and the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights.
I would like to highlight the following key points in the opinion that I drafted: the introduction of a definition of falsified medicine, which clearly places the emphasis on consumer protection, the application of safety provisions to those medicines which are subject to medical prescription, the accountability of all participants in the supply chain and, finally, the application by Member States of effective sanctions to deter this criminal activity.
Only under conditions of much closer and more determined transatlantic cooperation will the EU and NATO be able to set a democratic international agenda over the next decade against the challenges of a multilateral world.
Yes, but not a freely drafted one.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
A partnership and cooperation agreement would also allow Belarus to participate fully in the bilateral element of the Eastern Partnership.
In the short term, we need better practical and pragmatic policy coordination among the EU Member States that are represented in the G20 or G7 or in the IMF.
After one year, I think we can fully exercise this right.
We no longer know where the money is coming from and we are only daring to take tiny steps towards state regulation of the financial markets, going by the agreement in the Economic and Financial Affairs Council (Ecofin).
It is therefore not clear why the Georgian Government asked for more money, nor why the Commission immediately started working to mobilise nearly EUR 50 million.
Respect among partners, respect for citizens and respect for European legislation.
As far as I am concerned, the European Parliament's operating budget is in keeping with the financial climate.
This is a good thing, because we need to have more debates, not just about the impact that the ice melting will have on our opportunities to make use of the resources that have suddenly become accessible, but also about the responsibilities that this involves and how we can best preserve the Arctic and assess the future consequences of our presence and our activities in this sensitive natural environment.
In brief, the objective is not to develop another Internet search engine; it is to develop a website which will simultaneously be a museum, a library and a source of scientific knowledge.
It is this cultural dimension that the EU should take more into account in its diplomatic efforts, particularly with a view to promoting human rights, democracy and development in third countries.
No changes.
I do not know what else to say, other than you have my full commitment to it and within the review, you will be able to see if I have done it.
The two blocs share common interests such as international security, the fight against terrorism, diplomatic mediation in areas of tension in the Middle East, regional crisis management, intercultural dialogue and global economic governance.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, thank you for a very serious and responsible debate today.
(FI) Mr President, creating a permanent crisis management mechanism for Europe is justified in case there are crises in the future.
I think it is only fair to start by congratulating Mr Szájer on the excellent report he has presented to us.
There have been, as the President of the Council said, a few questions, and a few misunderstandings, I think.
Similarly, the emphasis on innovation - especially in the environmental sector - is very welcome and an illustration that the twin goals of energy efficiency and economic stability need by no means be mutually exclusive.
We must strengthen market access for small and medium-sized enterprises above all through more monitoring of the market and of individual sectors in order to identify and tackle barriers to the internal market.
It emphasises that the strengthening of the OSCE should not come at the price of weakening the existing institutions and mechanisms or affecting their independence, when they have not yet been reformed or alternatives have not yet been agreed, particularly as regards the work of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR).
According to a Norwegian report published in June, the figures of which have been verified, the illegal flows leaving developing countries are ten times the amount of our development aid.
I believe we can say that it represents significant progress towards rendering the European insurance industry workable in future, even in times of crisis.
Indeed, seven Member States have already done so.
Advertising of prescription-only medicines is banned within the European Union, and remains so.
I support paragraph 21 of the report which calls on the EU to implement the Nabucco project fully and as quickly as possible.
Focusing the work of the European Parliament on my humble self borders on the pathetic.
Parliament's goal should be to develop legislative excellence and all the necessary resources should be available for this purpose, while respecting budgetary constraints.
We wish them stability.
Agriculture as a strategic sector in the context of food security (short presentation)
I would like to ask the Commission what the expression 'within the best delay' means, and I would like to express my hope that the campaign for the elections due to be held four months from now will not likewise be conducted by Mr Barroso and Mr Jacques Barrot 'within the best delay'.
This really ought to be self-evident.
Regarding Chapter 1a and Chapter 5 on R&D management, we all think that it is just not acceptable to have the cut Council introduced compared to the Commission draft proposal.
(SK) Mr President, it is often the case that the effort to maintain the Single Market takes place at the expense of social rights and compliance with certain national traditions on the labour market.
In order to economise in a way that will make the EU less dependent on its international partners, it needs to tackle efficiencies in both production and consumption: less energy-hungry buildings, more economic machines, but also more streamlined production technologies that will enable us to combine competitiveness, and innovation with economies of scale.
I can remember in 1993 the visit of the then newly elected President Albert Zafy.
We need to continue negotiating on this.
In my opinion the report is also deliberately silent on the so-called Pole's Card problem, which breaches international law.
We are thinking of energy, we are thinking, of course, of taxation on financial transactions.
By improving the operation of the food supply chain, it ought to be possible in future to avoid such high rises in food prices and to curb the instability of consumer prices.
We were informed that the Colombian Government or, in any event, that body, is seeking to artificially create links between her and guerrilla groups, namely the FARC.
It is extremely important that information about the directive's main instruments reaches business operators.
If there is anyone who does not want a binding treaty, it is not the European Union.
On the subject of human rights, at all levels and in all areas of the EU, it must be stressed that our duty as MEPs is not just to criticise and prepare resolutions on third countries, but to also closely observe EU Member States, paying attention to even the slightest negative phenomena which violate human rights.
This, in fact, is what the French Presidency wanted, in other words, to share the copresidency with the Mediterranean countries - as I said before - and to work together.
In cases where parents have emigrated and the children have stayed behind in the care of people who cannot provide them with emotional and educational support, both these consequences may have, in turn, an adverse impact on the children's health and psychological development, as well as push them into behaviour that is uncharacteristic or inappropriate for the children's age and expose them to other kinds of exploitation and abuse.
(RO) Commissioner, the Economic Recovery Plan provides a sum of EUR 1 billion to cover up to 100% of the broadband infrastructure.
While industrial activity has a fundamental role to play in maintaining and increasing economic well-being, we must not lose sight of the impact it has on the environment.
Rethinking how our societies work is much more urgent than establishing new European monitoring centres and institutes.
(DE) Madam President, despite all the criticism that people like me have expressed about particular deplorable states of affairs in the European Union, we were always very much in favour of the introduction of the euro.
Still on milk, I agree with our fellow Member, Mr Tirolien.
The advantage we have as a beneficiary state is that we share a wider range of finances for rural development.
We have to break that climate of fear.
In this context, let me stress that I fully agree with the political ambition to place the proposals on industry-generated information on medicines, which we are discussing today, in a broader and more comprehensive agenda on patient information.
We need to know which Member States have high standards and which are at a low level.
As I have often said to MEPs, we are the most transparent in the world when it comes to the immediate publication of our studies, the introductory statement.
Women entrepreneurship in small and medium-sized enterprises (
Are you going to ensure that the minutes are made public and that conflicts of interest are avoided?
The new strategy is based on very ambitious ideas.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the draft directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the European Protection Order.
The EU has an important role in fostering the sustainable social and economic development of the ACP countries and in contributing to the general efforts to eradicate poverty in those countries.
It is this hypocrisy by the Member States that allowed Colonel Gaddafi to sweep refugees and immigrants under the carpet for years while they were selling him arms.
The second point I would like to make is that, whenever we speak out against non-transparent transactions by foreign entities within the European market, we ask the Commission to take immediate action.
The work of NGOs in the country is problematic and thus virtually nonexistent.
As is emphasised in the text of the resolution, Europe is not protected either against such incidents with a devastating environmental impact because the majority of oil drilling and extraction activities take place in the North Sea.
In this way, consumers will be able to manage their energy consumption, evening out the demand curve.
Finally I would like to thank the interpreters who had to interpret my Austrian German.
I would like to encourage the European Commission to demonstrate particular determination and resolve and to insist in future legislative initiatives on devising and implementing a European cyber security strategy and creating positions or a mechanism to facilitate the horizontal coordination of all communities and national policies relating to this issue.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am grateful to the Czech Presidency for its efforts, which can perhaps be interpreted precisely as a parable of the situation in which our institutions currently find themselves.
With regard to the retirement age, I have always made it clear that we must keep a pensionable age - an age when you are entitled to claim your pension - set at Member State level but, at the same time, scrap the compulsory retirement age, which forces people to stop working even if they want to carry on.
Only then will it be possible to implement the monitoring of business conditions equitably throughout the EU.
(DE) Mr President, since I have no speaking time left, I would ask Mrs Lulling the following question: would you be prepared, Mrs Lulling, to tell Parliament on my behalf that I did not mean all the Greek Members just now, but only the two communist Members who spoke immediately before me, Mr Chountis and Mr Toussas?
7.
On 7 October, the Hungarian authorities triggered the civil protection mechanism requesting an EU expert team.
I would like to take this opportunity to say how important this issue is, against the background of the recent Roma summit in Cordoba, at which you were not present, but which two members of the Commission attended, Mrs Reding, the Vice-President of the Commission, and Mr Andor, the Commissioner for Employment, Social Affairs and Inclusion.
This report urges Member States to develop capacities and ensure adequate resources for the bodies promoting equal treatment and equal gender opportunities provided for in Directive 2002/73/EC.
The Abyei region of Sudan has been riven by conflicts for many years.
This proposal aims at making a number of regulatory changes in order to simplify the implementation rules for cohesion policy and to increase the pre-financing (advance payments) to European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and European Social Fund (ESF) programmes.
The manner in which their homes have been searched and possessions confiscated, along with the constant, blatant violation of their rights as detainees, totally contravenes European human rights norms.
Irrespective of each person's opinion with regard to Cuba, this is obviously a regrettable incident in itself, which deserves our condemnation and certainly something more than reflection and remembrance.
Let us begin by educating the political class and freeing politics from the influences of those religions which sanction the domination of men.
In order to monitor this, and so that we have this transparency, I would argue that information relating to the adoption and implementation of projects should be made available in real time by the most detailed classifications of territorial and statistical units possible, so that the entire public is able to access it.
As a national declaration of this, in Hungary in the next national assembly - which, incidentally, will be halved in size from 2014 - all minorities within the country will have their own representation in parliament.
This means that the European Union must assume a leading role in formulating a global political response.
It is on these concrete issues that our fellow citizens are expecting signals from the Europe for health, which must give guarantees and anticipate the development of age-related diseases.
It is also outrageous that the secret service, which is controlled by the President and still calls itself the KGB, is using methods from the Stalin era to terrorise the opposition and civil society.
This adjustment list usually features every year and represents good work from the Secretariat.
For decades, this country has not been able to invest its oil revenues in sustainable development or in developing infrastructure.
How should we revive the European project?
Any change to the own resources system also requires all Member States to give their approval in order for it to enter into force.
We therefore abstain.
This tragedy came a few months before a very important summit between the EU and Japan, scheduled for 28 May 2011, which is set to define the direction of our relationship for the years to come.
Her speech was the intellectual foundation document of the European Parliament.
This is only because, according to some Members, certain paragraphs perhaps do not align with the European policy on reproductive health.
The so-called European diplomacy did not join the prior talks aimed at securing his release.
So I think this is an important piece of work by Richard Corbett, who is the eminent specialist in this field.
With its comprehensive and balanced approach, this report is, in my opinion, a good starting point for further work on improving the European energy system.
I used to be a judge and I can say that cross-examination of opposing sides is considered a condition for uncovering the truth and obtaining justice.
I will merely ask this question because I do not think it is a banal one.
I call upon all EU institutions to avoid further delay in deciding on the macro-financial assistance for the Republic of Moldova.
Countries where the per capita income is low and where there are also budget problems would be especially concerned.
It is a very pessimistic conclusion, but I close with this thought: in spite of everything, we should not cease in our efforts, and should be consistent in exerting pressure.
Dates for next sittings: see Minutes
I would also like to thank the hundreds of Czech officials, not only in Brussels but in all of the Czech ministries.
I think that the European Union's digital strategy is a crucial factor for this new economy.
I just want to focus in on Macedonia for a moment.
So, like other speakers, we objected to that and voted against that section.
Moreover, not tackling a joint strategy is unintelligent and miserly, and its only result will be that the consequences of this lack of response become worse day by day.
As they are amended, it becomes difficult to understand which provision is currently in force.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I welcome on behalf of the Commission the report submitted by the SURE Committee.
(DE) Madam President, we need to achieve greater efficiency between the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the other structural funds.
Finally, it seems in Yemen that President Saleh, by his use of disproportionate force, has alienated his principal backers, including the United States, despite his firm action over many years to root out al-Qaeda terrorists.
I would urge the Commission to focus more on ensuring fair competition within the internal market, and a level playing field with regard to exit conditions.
Chairman of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. - (DE) Mr President, yes, Mrs Hassi is right.
Therefore, in Mr Harbour's report, the many advances obtained for consumers had practically no mention.
Yes, I am behind Dell's employees!
The proposal we discussed today confirms the European Union's political will and our commitment on the liberalisation of short-term visa requirements for the citizens of all Western Balkan countries.
I wish to make two small points by way of conclusion, but they are nonetheless ones which I consider rather crucial.
Situation in Burma (vote)
This follows on from the threatening stance adopted by Turkey in a bid to deter Cyprus from proceeding with the exploitation of its EEZ, thereby forcing it to veto the unblocking of the energy chapter.
The national government and the new regional council have shouldered their responsibilities and have the political determination to resolve the crisis.
I find it impossible to vote for this text, although I do admit that it has certain qualities.
(DE) Madam President, a historic breakthrough at the NATO Summit has been mentioned.
Now that is something my country would not agree with.
Corrigenda (Rule 204a): see Minutes
I voted today against the joint resolution proposed by the PPE, the ECR and the EFD on freedom of information in Italy and other Member States, as well as against the amendments tabled by these groups to the joint resolution proposed by the left and the united centre, since they were essentially aimed at stripping the Italian Prime Minister of his responsibilities to comply with the principle of pluralism that is a fundamental value of our democracies.
So that would be our contribution to this debate.
And without Europe, nothing would have been done at global level, at United Nations level.
Can I thank the Commissioner for the reply.
The Commission can agree with an important number of amendments, in particular Amendments 3, 6, 9, 10, 11, 13 to 18, 26 to 28, 30, 31, 36, 44, 45, 51 to 55, 57, 58, 62, 63, 66 to 69, 82, 84, 85, and 92 to 98.
(Applause)
In order for the productive sector to prosper, it is essential to evaluate the issue of price increases relating to other outside costs and to speculation on basic agricultural products.
At the end of last year, six political parties represented in the Latvian parliament, from both government and opposition, agreed on a common stance of support for the economic stabilisation plan drawn up by the Latvian government.
20% renewable energy sources in just nine years actually corresponds to 35% in the crucial area of electricity generation, which is where these sustainable sources are primarily deployed.
The SET Plan is the best example we currently have of joint programming at EU level.
In other words, this will involve assessing, for each individual case, the need for such a clause.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, today's debate on the situation of human rights defenders in Russia is timely and very appropriate.
Only then does it make sense.
Council position at first reading: see Minutes
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
Neither regulatory nor financial considerations should be an obstacle in this equal access to routes.
I am referring to paragraph 121, which states that the EU's external fisheries policy should defend European fisheries interests.
The employment guidelines have a key role to play and that is to enable us to really exploit the potential of green jobs.
I believe that both solutions go against the spirit of the new mechanism, which aims to provide ordinary citizens and civil society with the means of taking part in the political life of the Union.
I think it is a good thing to see that the policies we need to tackle climate change are very much the same as the policies we need in order to strengthen our energy security.
And internally, last year's conflict has increased tensions within Georgia.
in writing. - (RO) Agriculture is and will remain a strategic sector for the European Union economy, which will need to face up to the future challenges and guarantee independence and food security for Europeans through its common policy.
Written Statements (Rule 142)
Therefore we have agreed amending letter No 1 to the 2012 budget, which was agreed a week ago, in order to upgrade the budgetary response to our neighbourhood and especially to the southern Mediterranean for 2011, 2012 and 2013 by more than EUR 1.3 billion.
Yes, Mrs de Sarnez, we hope to be able to make progress in discussions on a more unified European view with regard to Afghanistan, based both on the military presence that the European Union has there and on increased support for civil society and the democratic, state-building processes.
We will defend this principle in the European Parliament.
Solidarity with less-developed countries must also form part of the European Union's global approach.
The final results of the referendum of 9 January 2011 on the self-determination of South Sudan have confirmed, by an overwhelming majority, that the voters were determined to create an independent state.
Offering these countries a clearer prospect of accession would be a stabilising factor and would act as a catalyst to internal progress in candidate countries.
There are more than 600 displaced persons who have lost their homes and personal possessions.
The European Commission has submitted a proposal establishing basic principles to be respected by airport operators when determining their security charges: (i) non-discrimination; (ii) consultation and remedy; (iii) transparency and cost-relatedness of security charges; and (iv) establishment of a supervisory authority.
It is to be hoped that the Council will now take more of a listening approach.
in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats agree that migration flows as a result of instability constitute a challenge for the EU and that increased efforts are required to deal with the causes of the instability and structural problems in the countries of origin.
It was Russia, nonetheless, that rescued the Kyoto Protocol, while the US refused to ratify it.
It recalled the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have suffered redundancies as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis.
Let us put that to Greece.
I think that today what we need is not only the economic and political enlargement of Europe but the enlargement of European awareness of the massive crimes against humanity which occurred everywhere in Europe in the 20th century.
The European Commission, aware of the importance of the renewal of this partnership, and under the terms of the Council mandate, has launched a process aimed at renewing this protocol, fully pursuant to Article 218 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
We must make efforts to ensure that the resources required for training are available everywhere.
Two hundred and fifty members of the European Parliament who fail to understand that the land of plenty does not exist!
As regards the second objective, energy and the fight against climate change, here too we have made a particular effort, and it is in this context that financing for the automotive industry must be placed.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Madam President, Serbia's progress towards EU membership is gathering pace, and rightly so, as evidenced by the excellent Kacin report.
In this way, there is, naturally, an increase in the level of legal certainty, which is extraordinarily important especially for companies in this sector that are also involved in research.
For the same reason, this kind of commerce also guarantees greater participation by the least developed countries in international trade.
In other words, the European Union copyright should prevail over national copyright, which frankly seems difficult to sell, both culturally and politically.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Republic of Moldova is at a crossroads, both politically and economically.
We still do not know the ultimate consequences which may be very grave.
rapporteur. - (EL) Mr President, I should like to start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the four jointly competent committees of the European Commission with which we collaborated in depth in order to produce this report.
This is a good thing, because we are, in fact, representatives who have been elected directly by the citizens of the EU.
Port state measures to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (
I trust that the debates will progress quickly and I have a feeling that the contribution by the European Parliament is a response to a vital demand of the times and of European citizens.
Mr President, thank you for your message.
in writing. - Every rule of procedure of the European Parliament should seek three objectives: make the provision more readily understandable and therefore easier to use; lay down new conditions governing the application of the procedure; determine the scope of the procedure.
I voted in favour of this report because tourism is an important economic activity in the EU, with a high potential for contributing to the creation of jobs and growth.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
This will give greater peace of mind to online shoppers.
Particularly given the nature of this situation where, as well as the federal government, there are also two competent ministries per region, there is too much fragmentation and too great a lack of clarity in the approach towards, and communications regarding, the crisis.
The main task of this organisation is to foster international cooperation to improve the sustainable management of marine resources in the open seas, based on the fundamental principles of scientific research.
The terms for granting this assistance must be in line with the major objectives of the EU-Ukraine Association Agenda, and the process for using the funds must be subject to rigorous European control, with the European Parliament being briefed on a regular basis.
At a time when there is severe pressure on national budgets, we consider it inappropriate to initiate such a project, which will probably be very expensive.
On the other hand, of course, there is the necessity for transparency with regard to what money is spent on and whether and how it is used.
I am abstaining, because the resolution does not include sufficient measures to guarantee that children can be protected against exploitation as a result of adoption.
If Europe is to overcome today's difficult conditions and compete with rapidly emerging economies, it needs to invest in sectors which will give it a competitive advantage.
But we should not be invoking the MFN clause if the Caribbean countries do a favourable deal with, say, a group of African countries.
However, this 'footnote' will not enter into force until Iceland or Croatia ratifies the treaty.
On this point, I want particularly to emphasise public procurement.
Therefore, it is clear that the triangle Bulgaria-Romania-Greece is one of the most sensitive regions from the point of view of illegal migration and that requires Bulgaria to prepare additional measures to resist migration pressure.
I would therefore like to wish you the best of luck with the negotiations in Copenhagen.
In Laos, a country under military dictatorship, the leaders of the students and teachers movement set up a decade ago are still being held in secret detention. The recent peaceful demonstrations held in support of respect for human rights were suppressed by the secret police, while the Hmong community continues to be subject to persecution.
I think that our demand to know which countries and citizens are being brought before the Court in The Hague as defendants and which are not is a legitimate demand.
However, I consider the measures featured in the report to be insufficient.
There is a lack of appropriate data, supervision systems do not always work properly and many governments do not seem willing to cooperate.
Our fellow citizens sometimes ask what the purpose of Europe is.
Regulation needs to be pruned.
Therefore, especially where young people are concerned, action needs to be taken quickly: the continuing rise in youth unemployment is one of the most important challenges facing Europe.
This charade for democracy is orchestrated by the local mafia under the direct protection of the US Embassy in Romania, which actually decides what is better for the Romanian people.
The European Court of Justice in Luxembourg will judge on the basis of the Charter of Fundamental Rights which, by the way, is binding for all Member States.
The European Union must, therefore, identify common causes and allies, and act in a clear and united way on the world stage.
The lack of a thorough impact assessment, taking into account effects on our environment, health, economy and the sustainability of our rural communities, is testament to this failure to apply sufficient rigour.
They should find their expression in stronger joint commitments to the elements indispensable to democratisation.
The Council also called for the use of accelerated procedures for awarding public contracts provided for EC legislation, as well as for reducing the administrative burden on businesses.
The answer is 'no'!
It is attempting to exert diplomatic pressure on other countries not to attend the ceremony in Oslo.
Indeed, I am in favour of the application of GNSS functions to different modes of transport and of the proper implementation of research and funding in this area.
Europe has now entered the digital age, and the institutions must guarantee balance in the dual system that has been established between private sector and public service broadcasters.
I trust he will accept the will of their Parliament.
I believe that we need to give Moldova very clear signals from the European institutions and the European Union as a whole, and provide the necessary support, both financial and economic.
While it is defined as a tool for development aid, this mechanism is not free of contradictions, especially between some of its stated purposes and the results that are actually obtained.
Parliament should seize this new prerogative provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon.
It is regrettable that the quotas for sugar exports have not been kept at 3 000 tonnes for the Azores, that the exemption granted to Réunion for milk production has not been considered for the other French overseas departments, and that the safeguards concerning the sustainability of the results achieved by the Réunion milk producers have not been upheld by the Commission.
I voted in favour of this agreement as I believe that its adoption contributes to strengthening the creation of the common European Research Area, in that it serves as a catalyst for the strategic partnership between the EU and Japan, which is already one of the leading countries in terms of investment in research (reaching 3.61% of the gross national product in 2008, with more than 81.6% of this coming from the private sector).
In addition to this, the European Union must ensure a level playing field between locally produced and third-country products.
Parents play a special role in protecting their children against sexual abuse.
In my report in the Committee on Transport and Tourism, I regretted the lack of consideration given to the transport sector in the European strategy for adapting to climate change, when it is of considerable economic importance and one of the principal sources of CO2 emissions.
This measure would have been of fundamental importance for the textile sector, and would have provided a guarantee for European citizens and consumers.
In matters relating to freedom of expression, my country also looks to Italy because it is a clear example of democracy.
Now, apparently, some Muslims believe that suicide bombers are rewarded with 72 virgins in Paradise, but I cannot find any reference that female suicide bombers are rewarded with the male equivalent.
I voted in favour of the report on falsified medicinal products, which includes measures for combatting the alarming rise in falsified medicinal products in the EU, such as safety features for verifying the authenticity of the product throughout the supply chain, with a view to patient safety and protecting public health.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats wishes to make its position here today clear.
We must await the results of the external study and further consultations and closely monitor each factor and, if necessary, the results of any negotiations on the Statute for a European Company.
In these times of historic change in our part of the world, the message of the universality of human rights is more topical than ever.
Will giving greater visibility to the issue and using existing instruments be enough to resolve it?
Madam President, when the former Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) came into office, there were major question marks against the relevance and effectiveness of the IMF.
Finally, I should like to offer the rapporteur sincere thanks for this excellent report.
Mr President, if we are here debating how long the current scheme of generalised tariff preferences (GSP) will be in force, it is because the Commission has failed in its obligation to table the proposed substantive revision of this scheme within the proper timeframe.
We have the continuing problems of human rights in China, with the disappearance of the Christian human rights lawyer, Gao Zhisheng.
Mr Sterckx, do you wish to speak on a point of order?
These are not new subjects.
I would like to reiterate that, in contrast to the majority of Members, we were opposed to and voted against the current financial statute for Members of the European Parliament, because, inter alia, it involved virtually doubling Members' incomes in the case of some countries.
We had the opportunity to recall that Europe cannot be built solely with an internal market and monetary union.
I, for my part, will emphasise two aspects which you yourself emphasised, Mrs Gebhardt.
Accession agreement of the European Union to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (debate)
(HU) I would like to ask Mr Kamiński whether he considers the actions carried out by Israeli soldiers in Gaza as part of the fight for human civilisation.
Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries (
In many regions in Europe, such as Catalonia for example, such organisations do not exist, and therefore the system cannot be used to compensate farmers.
As someone said, this has happened before and it should not be allowed to happen again.
We must create the conditions so that working women have rights, so that they can be mothers and workers without penalty, and so that they can earn fair wages and pensions allowing them to live with dignity.
(PL) Madam President, Commissioner, I expect that modernisation will be one of the issues discussed during the summit.
I believe that farmers should be partially repaid for what they do for us: they are providing food and we are grateful for that, but we should also be grateful to them for keeping up biodiversity.
You also fail to take account of the contributions already made by the various means of transport, be it in the form of general taxation, petroleum tax or vehicle tax.
We need a common definition of the concept of partnership. On this point, I have asked the European Commission to come up with a definition of this as a condition for establishing proper partnerships with local and regional authorities.
I note the call for a new action plan for 2011-15, and am pleased to inform you that the Commission has already started work in that direction.
Increasing cooperation with the countries of origin and transit is also of major interest.
I think it suggests the need for an educational programme amongst young males, in particular, in anger management and respect for females, so that the idea of raising your hand to a female would be absolutely taboo and not the norm, as is often presented in films, in some cultures and, sadly it seems, in some homes.
Of course, there has been, and continues to be, a very symbolic value to this debate, which was made clear when Russia laid - hoisted is not quite the right word here - its flag on the seabed.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the case of the abducted Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit, is of great concern to the European Union.
The debate is closed.
Europe's literacy rate must be improved, since in this area, Europe is far behind the United States and Japan.
I believe the one cannot exist without the other.
Mr President, what Parliament wants is not merely to be informed after the event about proposals by the Commission and the Council; it wants to actually participate in developing and implementing the 2020 strategy.
Developing countries will be faced with a cost of about EUR 100 billion to reduce their emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change.
An area of my own country, the dripstone cave of Aggtelek, is also classified as wilderness.
I would like, most of all, to express the hope that our work with other European institutions in implementing the Treaty of Lisbon, which enters into force in a week, will flow smoothly.
in writing. - We Greens have supported the text because paragraph 99 (on private/capital-funded systems) was deleted, and because the rest of the text has taken some positive Green points on board.
I welcome the fact that the European Parliament has taken a stand in calling on Lithuania to reject a bill to introduce fines for 'the public promotion of homosexual relations'.
Firstly, the Committee on Budgets has done its job and brought the draft estimate of Parliament's 2012 budget to the point where it can be examined, debated and voted on by your Parliament, by the House, in accordance with our procedures and with what we did last year.
To summarise very briefly, what is the European Police Office, the new Office?
The report then launches into utopian requests.
The vast majority of cases remain stuck at the investigation stage.
The Commission is willing to participate, to be innovative and to put forward proposals, but that is for the Member States to decide.
In reality, Germans did not carry out the most horrific crimes in history because they broke laws, but because they drafted laws that made the unethical legal and that, for example, made the murder of Jews, Communists, Christians, homosexuals and others a legal obligation.
I still have the basic concerns that have been with us all along, and I would very much like to see a proper evaluation of the fundamental rights aspects of this agreement.
Madam President, Commissioner, the negotiations on the agreement with South Korea have been completed and the documents have been initialled.
I understand that this was an important speech but, still, please keep to the time.
We therefore think it is regrettable that the report does not constitute a clear step forward for equality in Europe.
At this moment and in this debate, I would like to respond that we need less centralisation, we need more confidence in the market and we need more of the market and of market mechanisms, because what is actually happening today, not only in the EU and not only in the euro area, but also in the United States and in other countries of this kind, is a story of unbelievable failure of all state intervention.
Besides, Europe has its own unhappy experience of political appeasement.
European agriculture as a whole would then ultimately pay the price of an artificial and forced break-up of farms.
It is even worse than this.
I have already suggested to the institution's management to join this scheme as soon as possible.
(The sitting was opened at 09:00)
Competitiveness?
All EU citizens should be able to read about the work of the EU institutions in their own language, and Member States should do all that they can to provide the opportunity for all EU citizens to be able to speak other EU languages.
All victims, and not only victims of domestic violence, should be able to benefit from the European Protection Order.
Rather, it is also not a coherent, uniform law protecting minorities, which we have said many times is what would be needed to prevent this balance from being upset.
Naturally, I hope that plenary will vote in favour of this report.
A further delay in the process brings with it two major drawbacks: the broad support within Macedonia for EU membership will crumble away, and the status of the candidate country will thus lose all meaning in future.
That is a sixth of the world's population, 20% more than in 2005 and 105 million more than in 2008.
At their request, the new directive enables them to take 14 weeks' leave.
Energy labelling helps consumers assess their energy costs when they are purchasing domestic electrical appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines, tumble dryers or ovens.
We came up against the infamous Meroni judgment.
When Prime Minister Reinfeldt put forward his name, it was evident that this was the name that could secure consensus around the table.
This means that the European Heritage Label should not be the sum of the places selected by the Member States, but rather it should reflect a common European vision.
Vice-President of the Commission. - I can assure you that the Commission always tries to be balanced.
This ensures that the allocation of the FISIM is properly carried out from 2010, resulting in a more accurate calculation of the GNI.
In this way, it will be possible to create a sustainable and safe system together; a modern system which recognises freedom of movement in Europe, which is based on the assumption that mobility is essential, particularly for the younger generations and, of course, for an effective and efficient labour market.
This concept gave rise to the Brussels I Regulation, for example, with the aim of setting up a single system for recognising legal judgments within the EU.
In the past, Europe has been ingenuous in matters of external trade.
We trust you, because you are a man of mediation, reconciliation and therefore also of peace.
This includes inhabitants of small villages, the working classes, pensioners, and generally those of more modest means and circumstances.
Mrs Oviir, you are not bothering me in the slightest, moreover I am pleased to tell you that you are the last speaker, on the last report.
What will we do if doctors start to send people en masse to a particular country - with prior authorisation of course, but nevertheless?
A recent ACP mission to Guyana demonstrated that trade, if harnessed for good, can have a remarkably powerful effect, but trade agreements must be frank, have open dialogue and be based on mutual respect.
The current European crisis was caused by those who irresponsibly allowed debt to mount up and those who failed to comply with the agreements made.
It is a fundamental objective of the European Union to promote respect for democracy, human rights and civil liberties, and it constitutes a common ground for the development of the Euro-Mediterranean area.
With the tools of the cohesion policy we are able to help reach goals in any specific field.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, we know how combative you are, and we know your wish that at Cancún Europe should at last speak with one voice.
Poverty is growing steadily, and so too are misery, unemployment and homelessness.
Although we can only learn through our mistakes, making progress by speeding up the reaction is absolutely crucial.
I think research and innovation are fundamental contributions to a fairer, more redistributive and more sustainable development model, so we cannot let some factors fall by the wayside.
The house is on fire.
We shall be called on tomorrow to vote by choosing between this motion and the motion tabled by a parliamentary committee.
Members of the Security Council have called on both parties to refrain from provocation and from deploying military reinforcements along the border.
This, however, can happen only in cases where responsibility for the matter cannot be split between several committees, and the matter is one of major importance.
We will not be partners with anyone attempting to dismantle the Schengen system and free movement.
(Applause)
I am pleased that the EU has responded swiftly with EUR 196 million so far in assistance.
Waiver of parliamentary immunity: see Minutes
We can cushion its impact on the most vulnerable in our societies, and we can take decisions now which will stand us in good stead when we come out of this crisis, and we hope that we will come out of this crisis.
Mr President, I stand before you as a democrat.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
If this is not done, there will be no effective legal protection, and please do not contradict this, because you would be going against the very principles of law to which you referred previously.
Though there is as yet no agreement, the principle of a strong CAP with two pillars and the principle of simplification have already been accepted.
Relations with the United States are extremely important in helping consolidate global security and stability.
As the Commission itself notes, the introduction of alien species into Europe's coastal seas and inland waters is due in a great many cases to aquaculture and stocking practices.
Willingness to take risks is a prerequisite for successful innovation, but this does not mean a risky investment for Member States now.
Their livelihood has, up until now, depended on the historic claim his local community held on its coast's fishing rights.
Human rights in the world 2008 and the EU's policy on the matter (debate)
I believe that on an issue as important as this it would be useful to understand what the Commission wants to do: to continue, to stop, to withdraw or to present a legislative proposal.
I would also ask the President to make it clear on behalf of the European Parliament that should any of the teams withdraw on human rights grounds, they would have the support of this Parliament, and that the bloodied name of Bahrain should not stand, this year, alongside the proud European names of the Nürburgring, Monza, Monaco and Silverstone.
Could we please be told what that might mean in practice?
Energy supply must not be a source of political blackmail.
Despite this, it is, unfortunately, a right that is little respected in some countries.
However, when it comes to generating European added value, as we have done in many areas, we need to work together to develop this because, when they go it alone, the national states are weaker in the face of international competition.
(GA) I do not agree with the Commissioner at all that things are satisfactory.
Madam President, I join those who have praised and welcomed the report by my colleague, Jelko Kacin, and I thoroughly agree with his remarks that Serbia's future lies in the European Union and that Serbia will become an important player in guaranteeing security and stability in the Western Balkans region.
I would like to stress that the agreement facilitating the issuing of visas between the EU and Georgia cannot be viewed separately from the agreement on the readmission of illegal immigrants.
in writing. - Trafficking in human beings is a crime against human dignity that ruins the lives of many children and women throughout the world.
Members should perhaps also commiserate with the British people, because we have to put up with Mr Farage on a daily basis.
These reservations are borne out by statements in the report, such as that the optional instrument 'must offer a very high level of consumer protection, in order to compensate consumers for the protection that they would normally enjoy under their national law'.
Every year, there is a winter festival, a kids' festival and a film festival.
The World Bank should therefore pursue an approach to private-sector development that delivers maximum benefit to the poor while tackling climate change.
The key is clearly that the mechanism is crafted so that it can, in future, be fully incorporated into the Union system.
We have a very clear long-term energy strategy for the whole of the European Union.
So we are launching the working document today so that everything can be ready for the Spring European Council in March, because we ought to have had a new Commission by now and we have not got one yet.
(PL) I endorsed the Alvaro report.
The following questions are addressed to the Council.
Even if the exploration for and conveying of oil and gas does not take place under comparably extreme conditions or at the same depths as in the Gulf of Mexico, we must still plan for the possibility of an accident in the EU and be ready for it.
Prisoners sentenced to caning are detained in prison without any idea of when their punishment will be carried out.
The committee's proposal to create a Europe-wide database for citizens containing reference prices for products and inputs and information on the costs of energy, pay, rents, duties and taxes from all across Europe is, in our opinion, detached from reality.
Where the substance of the resolution is concerned, however, I would comment that - as so often with resolutions of this type - it is a case of too little, too slowly.
It is true that the climate is changing, but this has been happening throughout history and will continue to do so in future.
Yet in areas where greater cooperation with the US would be appropriate - such as in resolving the Cyprus problem, where the US could influence its ally Turkey - very little happens.
Both citizens and markets need more Europe.
For the above reasons, I voted in favour of this resolution approving the conclusion of the agreement.
It replenished the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI) countries but otherwise, produced little that was new and treated it as a trade instrument.
Since I am expressing my thanks, I also support the report, in contrast to some of my fellow Members who are praising the report but will attempt, by means of some key amendments, to make radical changes to some of the passages tomorrow.
Madam President, we need a single, general, legally binding agreement to protect personal data.
We, the representatives of some states, know very well what a crisis budget is, when budget revenues have decreased by 30% and more in two years.
- (CS) Mr President, I did not support this populist text which, in the original version, contained a number of useful provisions on greater transparency in respect of political activities within the European Union.
(DE) Commissioner, I have two specific questions for you.
Let us not, therefore, reason on purely ideological grounds and instead look at the facts.
I am grateful to the Belgian Presidency which yesterday took up my pledge on behalf of the EPP to convene the Competitiveness Council at ministerial level and take up the Single Market Act.
That is the only reason.
Mr President, Commissioner, the Dual-Use Regulation under debate provides for the acquisition of general authorisations for non-critical items and technologies that are exported to third countries and fulfil a dual purpose.
Tackling organised crime (vote)
The existing rules are good and strong, but we are making them more consistent, and that is a step forward.
All Member States will have a harmonised procedure that is simpler, quicker and less onerous.
Today, we reiterate that, for the former Yugoslavia, there can be no impunity for those indictees who are still being sought.
I would also like to ask Members once again to take a positive attitude to the heightened checks, which I do not wish to have to abandon.
It was a written request submitted to the Bureau of the European Parliament.
We therefore know the potential of such courts to help war-torn regions by ending a climate of impunity and moving on.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, this discussion highlights the pivotal role of the ILO in the world of labour.
I have therefore voted in favour of this report.
The only way to really understand whether the market is operating properly is for the regulatory authorities to have sufficient information.
No, we must never legitimise any sham election which restricts candidates on the basis of their religious purity and conducts its count behind closed doors.
I therefore welcome the fact that this report places transport once again at the heart of this problem.
The conclusions of this meeting should be based on scientific knowledge and the precautionary principle.
This has been successfully completed.
rapporteur. - (RO) Madam President, the Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009, extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent was required for the conclusion of international agreements.
What are we waiting for - as I asked straight away - to send a commission to check the situation of our Coptic Christian brethren in Egypt, an officially moderate country where they have practically no fundamental human rights at all, not even in public office, in the civil service?
Moreover, I would point out that children are, in fact, those with the greatest need for privacy and data protection.
It should be made clear where the Commission can act and where the Commission cannot act.
I believe that, for lack of details in the treaty, the obligations of the European Council will probably have to be spelled out in an interinstitutional agreement.
Commission White Paper: "Adapting to climate change: Towards a European framework for action" (
They must help to prevent abuses of the asylum system, but fully respect fundamental rights.
I thought that the collection of data on employment and economic expenditure - the so-called tourism satellite accounts - was particularly relevant in this regard and we pushed hard for this to be included as part of the regulation.
The general direction of this proposal is positive and thus it should be given time for others to have their say.
Let us get the information.
Reaching 30% is part of the objective of obtaining a decarbonised economy by 2050; 20% will not allow us to make this transition.
Much remains to be done before we can guarantee women fair access to the labour market.
This is what is happening in various parts of the world.
Directive 2000/25/EC on emissions of pollutants from agricultural tractors lays down the maximum levels of carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbons (HC), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and particulates (PM) which may be emitted in exhaust gases from diesel engines in tractors.
The draft agreement was examined by the Committee on Transport and Tourism, which issued a favourable opinion.
Or for the millions whose jobs are in jeopardy or who are living in poverty?
I endorsed this report, which provides for a transitional period for this competence to be transferred to EU level, which in future will help ensure a high level of protection for investors against arbitrary actions by third countries.
Those concerns range from the legal base to be used, the scope of the proposal and fears that it may impinge on areas of national competence, such as education, social security and healthcare.
Mr President, I am pleased that a neighbour from Poland has become President of this House.
We must ensure that antibiotics are used responsibly in all the Member States.
I believe the decision indicates the apathy that is felt towards the future of a social Europe in a way that cannot be acceptable to the labour market organisations that have prepared for the meeting.
Speculation on our most vital goods is unethical and we must take stronger action in this regard.
Why the huge success of the poverty elimination policies in China, Vietnam and Brazil?
This flexibility must encompass the following points.
It is true that there has been some progress and that people's awareness regarding this subject has increased somewhat, but the European Union's new political priorities are indispensable for combating violence against women more effectively and for achieving our common objective that women and children should not constantly live in fear of falling victim to violence.
It is full of contradictions and inconsistencies.
National budgets were often detached from reality: high costs, low incomes and lack of responsibility in governing the state.
- (SK) Mr President, it is right and proper that the submitted report sets out to improve the position of women in rural areas.
Members of the committee were horrified.
(SK) Madam President, Commissioner, Japan shares many common interests with the European Union that are not limited to political issues, but also extend to economic and trade cooperation.
Our approach to the next EU-Russia Summit lacks the courage and sincerity required for a serious treatment of the fundamental questions which today stand between the EU and Russia.
Madam President, I would like to start with the magic word 'balance' once again, which Mr Haglund has just mentioned.
While they cite the moral hazard in order to campaign against Eurobonds, they are creating a moral hazard at the expense of the countries with financial difficulties, by officially and unhesitatingly tabling the prospect of controlled bankruptcy and the involvement of private individuals in cost-sharing, thereby perpetuating the crisis by keeping the cost of borrowing unnecessarily high.
I believe that cohesion policy must be more result-oriented, and less focused on the regularity of expenditure and procedures.
I have no doubt that the problem of social justice is important.
Even when confined to those 250 kilometre journeys, the directive barely received enough support from the Member States to pass.
And the history of this legislation will give them some ammunition: 55 significant changes over the past 30 years, making it more cumbersome and confusing and hardly helping the industry or consumers.
I therefore welcome the opportunity to present the views of the Council and the Hungarian Presidency during this debate.
Please help me answer this question: what are we supposed to tell the people in Borsod or Szabolcs County?
Documents received: see Minutes
Because, ultimately, for Alzheimer's disease, the hope is to find a drug and, to find this drug, effective research is needed.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this Council meeting looked at three highly important matters: the environmental and nuclear disaster that has struck Japan, the financial crisis that is sweeping across Europe and the situation in the Maghreb.
In my opinion, one of the main reasons is the fact that the aim of the programme is to create a foundation and conditions under which EU citizens can make full use of, and enforce, their rights and freedoms.
However, what you said about shipbuilding, Mr Fleckenstein, is not quite true.
This depends, to a crucial degree, on who governs in Tehran.
Only if there is a reason to believe that one identified person is a terrorist can the data of that person be seen and extracted from the database.
The fact that visas for entering the US are still compulsory for citizens from six European Union Member States must be a priority in the dialogue which the Commission and European Parliament conduct with the US authorities in order to achieve equal treatment for all citizens from EU countries, based on complete reciprocity.
We have now finished the one-minute speeches.
This may have been a one-off event, however, due to the move to the Agency's long-term office building.
It is nothing short of regrettable when a special report by the Ombudsman is required in order to make public something as simple as access to documents to which EU citizens have a right.
Moreover, social housing is much more than housing reserved for people on low incomes or in need.
What we really need is, of course, not an emergency government.
2.
Efforts to support stabilising actions by the Ukrainian Government apparently stepped on the toes of some of those who revel in chaos and lawlessness.
I find it quite astonishing that the Commission wants to bring in electronic identification (EID) with such huge flaws in the equipment.
We have a European code of conduct, one of the cornerstones of which has, for centuries, been the principle of prudent economics, meaning that we must not spend more than we are able to produce.
In other words, it is undermining the role of the elected representatives of EU institutions, which should, however, demonstrate greater awareness in their demands of the citizens' fight.
Unfortunately, it is only this year that the UN General Assembly has declared that the right to clean, good quality drinking water and the right to sanitation are basic human rights required to enjoy life. However, this declaration is made at a time when already more than a quarter of the planet's population has no access to drinking water and suitable sanitation.
In addition, there are numerous flagship initiatives such as Innovation Union, Youth on the Move and An Industrial Policy for the Globalisation Era, to name but a few.
The second area is Iran which, today, is playing a key role in foreign policy in the region.
Therefore, we do not need more immigration from North Africa, but rather a stop to immigration altogether.
In principle, this is a matter of reducing the demand in our countries for services provided by victims of human trafficking.
Such prohibitions are currently in force in all of the Balkan countries, but the EU is currently making no demands for their abolition.
We need to help farmers by adopting policies that support producers and create jobs in rural areas.
(NL) Madam President, we are actually bidding farewell to the Czech Presidency, which started brilliantly with the speech by President Klaus in this House, on rather a low note.
Improving the energy performance of buildings is particularly important in increasing the EU's general energy efficiency and in reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
But the threats, intimidation and abuse that Berlusconi is directing not only at the press but also at the President and judges go far beyond a purely national issue: this is a major European concern.
(DE) Madam President, as my fellow Member has not answered the question, I will answer it on his behalf.
I will mention an example from Indonesia that was asked of me.
Furthermore, we are also, specifically, experiencing very determined and clear action by the European Union to support financial stability in the euro area.
At the same time, however, the European Commission has approved enormous state aid for French car makers.
Secondly, eight million irregular immigrants live within the area of freedom, security and justice.
The mechanisms for achieving these objectives are also the same: interference and recurrent attempts to limit the national sovereignty of these countries through international campaigns controlled by the major news agencies and non-governmental organisations financed by EU funds; the push towards militarism and the arms race, as in the case of the current re-arming of Georgia; and looking for people in these countries who, in exchange for benefits for themselves or the interests they serve, defend the interests of the EU and the United States, as well as their economic groups, by accepting NATO's eastward expansion and allowing the installation of US military bases in the region, which have been used as a platform for supplying NATO troops in Afghanistan.
Fifthly, this calls, in particular, for better and more efficient market surveillance, because it is usually toys that have been imported into the EU that exceed the limit values set by the Union.
In the Europe 2020 strategy, we therefore need an initiative for green jobs.
It does not fall within the remit of the Agency for Fundamental Rights to evaluate individual countries and draw up an opinion on such cases.
I therefore consider it essential that the European Union adopt a true innovation strategy, taking into account the Europe 2020 strategy of smart specialisation, with a view to reinforcing support for research, development and innovation (RDI) as a key element of the Union's future, extending it into all the areas, sectors of activity and social agents of which it is comprised.
Firstly, Japan's protectionist policy in the automotive sector concerns us, because there is an imbalance between exports and imports.
I also want to mention that a set of coherent legislative measures have already been adopted at European level for reinforcing maritime safety and preventing ship-sourced pollution.
This would be a violation of basic cultural and national conventions for any civilised country.
Do you accept that?
Above all, I would like to see more openness in Europe, in the form of a cross-border debate on current issues which are of interest to citizens.
I hope that the Council, too, will quickly come to a positive conclusion on the decisive steps taken by this House towards ensuring traceability and adequate information on products.
That means for some of our delegations - particularly New York and Geneva, where additional staff would have been put in to cover for each Presidency - that we are very short of people.
(RO) I would first of all like to welcome the idea of a substantial debate on the subject of cohesion.
Healthcare workers will finally have the opportunity to better exploit their professional skills and any surplus capacities they might have.
And when, after much forbearance, Israel hits back, they cry victim.
Regions and their knowledge should, once and for all, be of central importance if we are to construct a more participative and effective Europe.
The decision made by the Belarusian authorities to terminate the mission of the OSCE Office is regrettable. They have been requested to rescind this decision immediately.
It is important for this Parliament, as the representative of the citizens of Europe, to propose a route to be taken by the justice and home affairs policy.
We are confident that Parliament will promptly approve the macrofinancial assistance package for the Republic of Moldova when it is tabled before it.
Not only does mental ill-health entail an expense that is a burden on the healthcare sector and the entire social and economic system; it also detracts from the quality of life of sufferers and their families to an unnecessary degree.
Everyone in Europe, including the UK, has a vested interest in the strength of the euro area's economy.
Among the many proposals contained in the Small Business Act, the one regarding amendment of Directive 2000/35/EC was among the most urgent, in my opinion.
I should also like to thank her for having mentioned the very important role - and we know how much we owe you, Mrs Goulard - of the Systemic Risk Board.
The Services Directive, or 'Bolkestein Directive', which was discussed here, expressly excluded gambling.
Europe needs economic reform, public finance discipline, deepening the internal market, changes to labour laws to boost employment, and a package of measures to make a success of the Europe 2020 programme.
We should assess the situation in specific Member States.
Let us trust our US partners.
We must therefore pay attention at the European level to the possible exposure of women and children to domestic violence.
The debate is closed.
We are reaching the moment when, as in George Orwell's magnificent metaphor, the people will shake off the system like a horse shaking off flies.
There is much in this report to admire and a couple of things where I think we could do a little better.
The European Parliament is therefore proposing an extensive information campaign.
We need social impact assessments.
Nuclear energy should always be under state and international control.
I would like to point out a couple of areas that were particularly important to us during the debate.
These two principles will soon constitute a precedent for our other trade partners.
I sincerely hope that this, for example, will lead to the removal of the hundreds of billions in subsidies that have a deleterious effect on the environment and nature that we still have in this world.
Here in Brussels, at a thanksgiving service, churchgoers sang the national anthems of Britain, Belgium and the United States.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to comment that, in this report which was adopted with an absolute majority in the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, there is also an alternative motion tabled by certain Members.
in writing. - I voted for this report which, on the basis of a recommendation from the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, delivers a favourable opinion to the European Council on the Council recommendation to appoint Peter Praet as a member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank.
This is one of the reasons why, in my own constituency of the South-East of England, I am very reluctant indeed to support a third runway at Heathrow when we could have a better structure for Kent in a new airport on the Thames Estuary.
Rules on aromatised wines, aromatised wine-based drinks and aromatised wine-product cocktails (Recast version) (
The Commission has consistently been calling for the interests of social services and vulnerable groups to be taken into account.
(Applause)
Water is a local resource and yet countries such as France and Belgium are, at the same time, among the biggest European exporters and the biggest European importers of water.
It is often also the problem of values versus economic interest.
It was just short of a blocking minority and the fight continues here now.
(MT) I would also like to extend my support, in particular, to MEP Lívia Járóka, who has worked incessantly on this sensitive and important subject.
We do not have much time to play with and we must act now.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
In this context, I have already recommended to the Council to modify the proposed date of entry into force of the directive, in order to allow its application as quickly as possible after a positive decision is taken by the Council.
It would be better to make these people declare their personal links with the media, as well as their parliamentary and administrative links to the European Parliament.
Therefore, we need better monitoring - I think we all agree - of the application of Community law.
We must ensure that we do not place them under excessive strain and, particularly in times of crisis, do not attempt to use them as a source of capital in areas where other sources of capital may already be drying up.
The Stockholm Programme is intended to supersede the Hague Programme that is currently in force and which was adopted in 2004.
The Commission will do so - without the slightest hesitation - as will the Member States of the Council; the entire international community will do so.
So we should do our utmost to ensure there is a breakthrough there.
They can, therefore, preoccupy themselves solely with the safety of installations.
Fear is spreading.
Madam President, in this debate, we cannot forget that there is a proposal for a so-called competitiveness pact by means of which the directorate, led by Germany, wishes to launch new attacks on the universal and mutual public social security system, to increase pension age and devalue salaries, attempting to put an end to their indexation to inflation, merely to benefit the financial sector, which is trying to find in these pensions new types of greater speculative gains.
I am in favour of an ACTA agreement that will combat counterfeiting, which represents a real danger to the economy and the consumer and undoubtedly violates intellectual property rights.
Under the Commission proposal, the licensing of research on animals who are still conscious will be accompanied by systematic independent ethical evaluation.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, twenty years ago, we peacefully ended the violent division of Europe into freedom and dictatorship.
Dumping is a major problem in the agricultural industry, in particular when it results in the disappearance of small, independent farms which are replaced by agricultural contractors.
In Spain, the Gürtel case is in the news: not only a huge network of corruption but also one of flight of capital.
These reactors are powered by a fraction of the critical mass of fissile material, which means that the occurrence of a spontaneous nuclear chain reaction is impossible.
It is forecast that in the nearest future 16% or 80 million EU residents will be living below the poverty level.
Moreover, I might say that, as a prolife person, it was easy.
Mrs Schaldemose's report also mentions the positive effects of gambling, which I think it is very important to preserve.
The future agreement must also be a reciprocal one, which means that US authorities should provide similar data on financial transactions if the European Union establishes its financial transactions tracking programme in the future.
I am referring to Article 192(1).
One day, the creation of the euro will be seen as a decisive stage in the long march to ever closer union for the peoples of Europe.
Serbia must also work on these issues for Serbia itself.
I am pleased to see that our Green Paper has sparked, in Europe and within the European institutions, a very rich debate on the right environment to put in place to meet the specific needs of creating entrepreneurship in order to seize the new opportunities offered by globalisation, digitisation and cultural diversity.
These are the values rooted in the lessons we have learned by working together - the truth that freedom must never become a free-for-all, that markets should be free but never values-free, and the belief that being fair is more important than laissez-faire.
(In addition, the chairman of the largest privately-owned television channel, TF1, was Mr Sarkozy's best man and therefore has a very close relationship with him.)
You have pushed on with your obsession with climate change, which has led to massive costs and no material benefits whatsoever.
At last, Parliament's objectives are met when it is heard to give a favourable opinion, instead of simply being consulted.
Now, I suppose, with the trappings of power, that has all been forgotten!
There has, of course, been a certain amount of friction, in particular here in Parliament between our committee, the Committee on Regional Development, and the Committee on International Trade, relating primarily to the compatibility of this agreement with the rules of the WTO and especially the issue of parliamentary scrutiny.
Since the European Union acquired shared competence over justice and home affairs, huge progress has been made in the area of civil justice.
I personally am strongly against GMOs, but I cannot imagine how we could trace efficiently which animals were fed with GMOs and which were not.
They rightly expect to be more involved in policymaking.
Further to a suggestion by President Lula at the EU-Mercosur Summit in Madrid, we are looking into a common position with Brazil for Cancún.
Thus, here we find ourselves today armed with a regulation.
Over recent decades the tendency to approach the issue of persons with disabilities from a right-based perspective has matured and has been widely accepted internationally.
Our demands are that the focus be on purely civilian conflict management and assistance measures, in other words a reduction of the UN mission to the civilian components and no potential use of EU battle groups.
In this regard, studies need to be carried out on economic development in Member States. In particular, they need to be coordinated at EU level and those areas need to be identified where the European Union can develop a comparative edge on the global market.
I voted in favour of this resolution because I attach great importance to the European Union-United States Summit to be held in early November 2009.
Since then, nothing significant has happened.
The directive will impose on Member States a requirement to conduct regular inspections of equipment used professionally for pesticide application, and also a requirement to establish a system for regular maintenance and periodical inspection of equipment.
I have really become quite tired of this issue.
So broadband measures and what concerns us in this debate is really scheduled to take place earlier than 2011.
That is obvious, and they are very severely hit by that crisis, so we should take that into due consideration.
I had the honour of being allowed to take part in the relevant preparations and I will never forget, a short time later, the Chancellor of Unity, Helmut Kohl, and Pope John Paul II, two spearheads of this development, striding through the Brandenburg Gates and saying that socialism should not be replaced by predatory capitalism but by freedom and a social market economy.
However, it should not only be the job of the Commissioner for the Environment to create awareness of this.
EU-Tunisia relations (debate)
Furthermore, efforts aimed at expanding storage capacity are also worth supporting.
I would like to appeal for adoption of their proposal to create a category of intermediate regions, enabling the withdrawal of aid to be slowed down.
(RO) In June 2009, the European Council called on the European Commission to draw up and present a strategy for the Danube region by the end of 2010.
It will be a tool for applying the precedence of Community law over the national laws of the states.
Why do we not wait for the next Parliament and let the new Parliament discuss the issue and just wait and see whether the Treaty of Lisbon actually materialises?
I hope that the Union will still be able to equip itself with independent global navigation systems, and will exploit its full potential, in order to promote the strengthening of the economy, increased employment and transport safety.
The EU must accept at least 50% of the costs, and the planning and the promises must be forthcoming with due speed.
We reiterate our strong opposition to the philosophy underpinning this fund, which makes European workers mere 'adjustment variables' enabling the smooth running of a form of neoliberal globalisation that is never called into question.
I expect the next Commission to present such a proposal.
In too many cases, these imports enter the European Union without being sufficiently controlled at European customs.
This is just adding one more person to the list of those who are being harassed by the Belarusian Government.
I therefore wish to endorse this motion.
This undermines faith in European institutions, especially in the smaller countries, and creates fertile ground for nationalist political groups.
We respect China's unified system.
Here I ask colleagues to agree to an oral amendment to paragraph 7 of the resolution: namely, not only to voice regret at the situation, but also to urge the Azerbaijani Government to cancel its decision and renew FM licences for the radio stations mentioned.
So why do we not say that we will provide EUR 30 billion in 2020?
I have concerns about media pluralism in a number of Member States.
The definitive moment for us to say what our policy towards Belarus is are next year's local elections.
I would like to ask whether you believe that there is sufficient cross-border cooperation between the relevant states and whether the Commission is providing support for cross-border measures in these areas, in particular as part of the regional programmes.
Protection of pedestrians and other vulnerable road users (
This is proof of the confidence placed in my country, bearing in mind as well the professionalism which has been demonstrated by the Romanian army in Afghanistan and Iraq.
At the same time, the crossing is still narrowed dramatically by a concrete barrier.
I know this, because I am from Poland.
I am convinced that the principles of the European Union have a great deal to do with the principles of social democracy, and that social democracy has been a major lever behind the construction of the European idea and European ideals.
Funding for the adaptation of developing countries must not be allowed to jeopardise the Millennium Development Goals, particularly in African countries, which are most affected by climate change.
The Presidency of the Council does, of course, support it, and we are awaiting the Commission's initiative.
We now have a right of initiative for the citizens.
Where can we learn lessons in order to improve the situation?
We will see if there is a possibility for political initiatives, particularly to use dialogue with third countries, or even to provide ourselves with financial instruments, as is the case for the existing programmes.
It is particularly significant that fraud is one of the main causes of injustice within the EU, since it leads to unfair competition and an unbalanced market.
By this I do not mean withdrawal.
We are told pesticides might disrupt DNA.
in writing. - (DA) I voted in favour of the resolution, because it contains a number of correct calls for improvements in Albania.
It appears that more and more proposals are being made that ultimately boil down to harmonisation of the criminal law of the Member States.
I agree with what Mr Kamiński and others have said.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Paolo De Castro, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on specific measures for agricultural markets - B7-0208/2010).
However, there is serious concern about the impact on human health of food produce made using genetic engineering, the modification of somatic gene cells and nanotechnologies.
While earlier, many envisioned the sudden influx of unrealistically large numbers of foreign patients and the collapse of national healthcare systems, my opinion is that instead, it represents a chance for us to make better use of the natural assets of our country in the future.
In fact, the discrepancies still remaining between national provisions and in the way they are applied were totally incompatible with a CEAS, and are the reason for these amendments.
(ES) Mr President, I would like to make two comments, each regarding aspects of the conclusions of the European Council from the perspective of the chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and, therefore, involving the area of freedom, security and justice.
5.
Moreover, almost all of our committee voted in favour of an amendment along these lines.
We will only be able to do this by constructing a genuine European asylum law, something which is becoming more urgent than ever.
Why do I say inadequate?
It also highlights support for traditional regional products and for small and medium-sized agricultural businesses.
If we put into place practical projects, such as access to water, food and energy sources, and improved civil protection capabilities, it will be in the interest of our peoples.
I am not in favour of increasing the Union's budget: on the contrary, it should be cut.
I have repeatedly warned that the Parliament of the Czech Republic will block ratification of the related aviation agreement for the same reasons.
However, I would like to underline very firmly that the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force, and this increases the European Parliament's role.
When the income of owners of small and medium-sized farms is constantly shrinking and they face the threat of eviction from their land and unemployment, when the economy of entire areas is in crisis due to the CAP and the dictats of the WTO, it is not the development of networks that will contribute to rural development; it is a mockery at the expense of poor farmers.
In the report, Parliament welcomes the Commission's Green Paper and calls for the EU forestry strategy to be updated, while properly taking into account the application of the subsidiarity and proportionality principles and including the climate-change dimension and broader forest protection issues.
When it comes to food security, in particular, there is a problem in that the Member States of the EU are increasingly losing their self-sufficiency.
Firstly, we need a political and diplomatic dimension.
That would be showing real solidarity, but unfortunately it has not happened.
There are no restrictions to supply.
Thirdly, we should do everything to ensure that the solutions for Iran are peaceful and political, and that means that we should support those Iranians who want fundamental changes in their country, changes which will mean that Iran will be governed by those who win fair elections, and Iran itself will cease to be a threat to world security.
Just by way of explanation, this is the third in a triad of reports on the use of pesticides.
I am pleased to note at this juncture the Commission's and the Council's new attitude towards cooperating with Parliament.
It should strengthen its involvement in the Black Sea in order to give positive proof of its 'soft power' diplomacy.
The Council has not yet received any notification in this regard.
To respond, we need to be ready to make our contribution: on access to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy, in particular, for developing countries, while avoiding proliferation risks, and that includes work on the multilateral nuclear fuel cycle approaches - I think 84 countries have benefited from EU assistance programmes; with progress on nuclear disarmament - politically, this is fundamental to create a constructive atmosphere; and by addressing regional proliferation crises, in particular with Iran, which has the potential to derail the conference.
As the debate has shown, this is a fascinating subject.
This is why the Commission is explicitly offering all of you the opportunity to revise the directive at the right time, so that we can learn from our experiences and improve the directive even further.
I am in favour of the report by Mr Manders on origin labelling for textile products, since it resolves a problem that has long threatened our consumers' freedom of choice.
In his speech he focused on specific topics arising from the priorities of the Czech presidency and the problems currently confronting the countries of the European Union.
Moreover, he has worked to safeguard effective means of recourse, both within the European Union and in the Member States themselves.
In all the new countries the number of inhabitants with incomes below 40% of the EU average is as high as 50%, and so almost half of the people in these countries have such low incomes.
We will continue to review the extent to which the instruments of human rights clauses, sanctions and dialogue - all of which have been scrutinised extensively by this Parliament - can play an effective role as part of our overall external policy, whilst ensuring the highest standards of respect for human rights.
The Commission is committed to strengthening the parliamentary dimension in the Cotonou Agreement.
I reported to you where we start now and I believe that you should have full trust that the Commission will act if EU law is breached.
The second point I would like to emphasise is that development cooperation is about hard choices.
We need a completely new system to protect the intellectual property rights of creative forces on the internet, a system that we need to develop together.
The redundancies made by Volvo Cars are considered by the Commission to have a 'significant negative effect on the local and regional economy' in western Sweden.
In particular, we have reached a provisional agreement on the title on political dialogue, which contains important references to respect for human rights, the fight against weapons of mass destruction, the fight against terrorism, etc. Libya has agreed to establish a regular dialogue on human rights and fundamental freedoms, which was a key objective for us.
This concerns what happened to the team of BBC journalists who were illegally detained and tortured, and also subjected to mock executions, and who saw many other Libyans detained in prison in totally inhumane conditions.
We greatly welcome the initiative of Mr Hegyi for producing this important resolution on wilderness in Europe.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, just one year after the declaration of independence, the situation in Kosovo, and in the whole Western Balkans region, is overall stable and under control, in spite of some incidents.
This sustainable development has three components which must be put together: economic, environmental and social.
The Consultative Working Party concluded that the proposal is a straightforward codification of existing texts, without any change in their substance.
It was not courageous enough in connection with the implementation, in demanding reforms or in executing its own strategy.
I should also like to say to Mr Tajani that I congratulate him on having accepted such a difficult mandate and portfolio as transport during this term of office, and that, because patience and length of time are what make a person competent here, he deserves to have this portfolio reassigned to him under the Commission's next mandate.
In many cases, there is no alternative public transport service available.
If, by default, the filter was pre-installed in the 'on' position, it is probable that many more children - including the youngest, who increasingly use the Internet unsupervised - would be protected from unwittingly stumbling on sites which have a damaging influence on them.
Therefore I agree with the philosophy of encouraging Belarus to make every effort to move towards democracy, and I am pleased with the decision to include Belarus in the new programme for strengthening the EU's Eastern policy through the European Neighbourhood Policy.
During this, the first part-session of 2011, we have adopted a directive clarifying the rights of European patients who choose to seek treatment abroad.
I made no reference in my question to the costs of the asylum procedure.
I am pleased that we have been able to find common ground regarding penalties which are the same as those applied to passenger vehicles.
In my group, the ECR, we believe in light-touch government.
This report, while it may not appear very important in the overall context of this Parliament, seems to me likely to bring about real Community action.
In my opinion, we need to place strict limits on the possibility of data being used to create profiles and estimate risk.
I should like to ask the Commissioner three questions.
Thus, in future, EU citizens will be able to buy cheaper technology products and cars from Korea.
In actual fact, you would then still have a problem between the majority here and the Council - or did you forget to mention that?
It is also unfortunate that two political groups, the Greens and the ALDE (some, not all), managed to direct their disapproval at these Chairs for issues unrelated to the tasks they will face as Chairs.
Moldova has assumed the responsibility of committing to a pro-European course.
In the case in point, applying technology for the monitoring of ships would help make it easier to decide who is liable in the event of accidents and to improve the procedures for accommodating ships in 'places of refuge'.
Given the numerous serious disasters in the world and their increasing frequency, caused mainly by climate change, I voted for the excellent report by my Italian colleague, Mrs Zanicchi, containing a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council on setting up a rapid response capability.
There has been no consultation about this with the unions.
We will be calling for this now and in future from the Commission.
Businesses must avoid misleading consumers about the advantages related to the brand of goods.
It therefore needs to be clear to everyone that we in the European Union need to show solidarity with one another and stand ready to provide mutual assistance in the event of emergencies.
Germany introduced a ban on the sale of particular asthma inhalers first in 1997 and then again in 2005.
I would like to reiterate my belief that the creation of an EU patent and a unified system for settling patent-related disputes is indispensable in order to support innovation and creativity in the Single Market.
In addition, we have not yet seen any proof of the claim that energy refurbishments result in direct cost savings.
The core goal of a reformed CFP must be to ensure that fishermen can earn a decent livelihood while also achieving environmental sustainability.
It is very important to us that we quickly reach a new negotiating mandate and, if possible, before the summer break, so that we can quickly gain clarity in detailed questions on how we should handle this data and what data should be included.
It is well over a month ago since meetings stopped being held in the Romanian Parliament and decisions stopped being taken, due to the fraudulent approval of the pensions law, as mentioned by my colleague, Daciana Sârbu.
The supply shock is further exacerbated by speculation on the futures markets, resulting in a food price shock.
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council: see Minutes
Ladies and gentlemen of the European Commission, I can predict that your hocus-pocus propaganda will boomerang on you sooner or later.
Mr President, I voted in favour of Mrs Gibault's report on equality of treatment and access for men and women in the performing arts.
Mr Florenz's final report has turned out to be well thought-out and sound, and sends out a strong message.
I do find it surprising, however, that a text which deplores the inadequate health services in developing countries should choose to overlook one of the greatest scandals of our time: the plundering of doctors from these countries by wealthier countries, which have given up training their own doctors sufficiently in the belief that they can cut back on their social protection.
Governments and the Commission have turned a deaf ear to the scientific recommendations that have, time and again, alerted them to the collapse in the hope that there would be a political reaction, which has never come.
Furthermore he has described using Twitter and the Internet to pass on anti-government information as terrorist activities.
10.
I think it is important to say that in this area better coordination and cooperation between the Member States can deliver benefits for patients due to the specialised centres where financial benefits may accrue through the economies of scale that Commissioner Vassiliou has just been talking about.
I should like to quote a figure: in 2010, the Chinese bought 49% of the soymeal placed on the market.
Torture and rape often go unpunished because the authorities quietly drop the cases or, worse still, accusations of 'defamation' are made against the women themselves.
We can achieve annual savings of millions of euros by improving cooperation between European institutions.
This report acknowledges the existing problems with cohesion policy, beginning with the delayed conclusion of negotiations on the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) and the legislative package, resulting in the belated implementation of the national strategies and operational programmes.
This is what the European Union, hastened by the crisis, is beginning to do.
in writing. - (PL) Mr President, I am voting for the report on the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council (EC) No 2252/2004 on standards for security features and biometrics in passports and travel documents issued by Member States.
Contrary to initial predictions, the economic crisis is affecting poor countries in particular, many of which are involved in development projects run with European funds.
Of course it is difficult to face up to large waves of immigrants and asylum seekers adequately, but this is nothing new.
The issue of Iran is obviously very high up on the Swedish Presidency's agenda.
I know -and I am speaking to you now - that the Years of Lead are a difficult period for Italians to come to terms with.
After all, as fellow human beings, her struggle is also our struggle.
Let me first say that we share with Parliament many of the views expressed in its report.
I do not believe that this assessment must take priority.
Furthermore, the EIB, in a joint initiative with the EBRD and the World Bank, was able to increase its support to the financial sector in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, which are also experiencing an especially difficult situation.
The main concern of the EPP Group, and I am happy that all factions share the same concern, is the deterioration of media freedom in that country.
It also welcomes the European Council decision of 17 December 2010 to grant Montenegro the status of candidate country for accession to the European Union, but regrets, however, the decoupling of candidate status from the right to open negotiations, stressing that the decision to start them should not be unduly or unreasonably postponed, and expects the negotiations to start at the latest after the publication of the 2011 Commission Progress Report, provided Montenegro makes good progress in fulfilling the benchmarks set by the Commission.
As a result of this pact, several other Member States have joined the euro area; for example, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Denmark, Romania and Bulgaria.
As far as the recovery of claims relating to taxes and duties is concerned, the situation in the European Union is not exactly welcome.
As a defender of civil rights, I am bound to be opposed to this decision.
Ombudsman. - Madam President, first of all, I wish to thank very warmly all the Members who took the time to comment on my report.
We Europeans therefore have the right to tell others not to take that path.
However, to achieve this we need strong EU delegations, delegations which can assume those roles and tasks and ensure the quality of spending.
I am haunted by some words from that film, where the actor, looking back to 2009 - looking back to now - says 'Why, knowing what they knew then, didn't they act when there was still time?'
Fortunately, some of the rules will immediately come into force.
There is, behind the issue of tax regimes, hidden protectionism which we must denounce, which we wish to overcome.
For me, what Copenhagen showed was that we had to express a European interest in the various areas and defend it consistently and strategically, with all our partners.
The latter represents a solid foundation for our future efforts by ensuring a good balance between traditional development priorities - infrastructure, the Millennium Development Goals; political themes - peace and security, democratic governance and human rights, migration, mobility, jobs; and new promising spheres of cooperation, such as renewable energy, climate change, information technology and space, to mention only a few.
This was the case in 2008 and, starting in 2009, there will be annual assessment by Member States as part of all national reform programmes.
In the six years since its implementation, it has contributed to the creation of a more transparent culture of administration in the European institutions.
This is a significant problem, which can be seen from the fact that 77 airlines have gone bankrupt around the world since 2000.
Well, last year we in the June List and the Independence and Democracy Group started to request roll-call votes in all final votes.
This is the responsibility of the Member States.
However, it is still a very long way from being fully achieved, despite the efforts that the Commission has been making, which must be acknowledged.
The disaster in the vicinity of Ajka can be the first real test of the Environmental Liability Directive that came into force in 2007, and we will now see whether we can fully enforce the 'polluter pays' principle.
I would also like to add that industrialists have certainly made few investments in the past: a greater commitment is needed, and I believe that, since too many people in Europe fall ill and die due to atmospheric pollution caused by industrial emissions, we must introduce appropriate clean-up measures and a strict system of monitoring and testing.
Europe has to decide what solidarity is required.
There are those people in the different countries of the Union who are now taking advantage of the crisis and of people's anxiety in order to put all the blame on Europe.
in writing. - (LT) I welcomed this document, because a sustainable, productive and competitive European agricultural sector can make a vital contribution to meeting the objectives set by the Treaties for the CAP and the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy, and it can also help to meet new political challenges such as security of supply of food, energy and industrial raw materials, climate change, the environment and biodiversity, health and demographic change in the EU.
We end up with a patchwork that is meaningless, when we should be focusing on the health and safety at work of pregnant women, in the same way, of course, that we will have to focus on gender equality in pay.
We once again urge the government of Pakistan to do everything possible to shed light on this cowardly assassination and to ensure that the protection of people threatened by fanatical religious extremists is truly effective.
We have postponed the discharge, because EMEA is clearly having problems in terms of procurement procedures.
Unfortunately, a great deal of work has also been done to ensure that they do not get that help.
Are we going to hide behind the lack of global agreement?
The EU-Moldova visa dialogue presents us with a huge opportunity.
Recently there have been attacks on media freedom by President Hugo Chávez.
(NL) Mr President, I have just listened to the speech by Mr Mölzer, who has now left, the gist of which was: it is so hopeless that we should just give up and concentrate on our own neighbours.
Perhaps thanks to this the Polish Right will understand, among other things, that the state should ensure confessional neutrality in state educational establishments, where presence at lessons is required regardless of religious confession (from the judgment of the Court on the case of Lautsi v Italy).
We have to go and ask for solidarity for the sector, within the sector, because we have seen that none of the sector's players could solve the problem and we have to seek solidarity within Europe because BP is a European company; working people are there, European employees, and they have to have our solidarity to keep their working places for the future.
For the vast majority of my group, this involves two items that are critical for us and for our voting behaviour today.
Yet - and this is the striking feature of Ukrainian politics currently - there has been a steady movement in the direction of marginalising alternative centres of power.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on the waste crisis in Campania since it underlines the importance of this issue in environmental terms, particularly with regard to the protection of Natura 2000 sites.
We must remember that the CAP is not just for farmers: it provides us with a safe and secure food supply and wide-ranging public goods and environmental benefits.
Success has been achieved, France and Germany have an agreement - we do not know whether it is a good one or a bad one, but at least they are no longer stuck in the quagmire.
We have more than just budgetary problems: underlying the budgetary problems, there are economic ones.
I would therefore ask for closer checks than those that have been carried out in the past on all projects supported by the EIB, to determine whether socio-environmental sustainability and profitability can really be guaranteed.
I do not see anything happening in that direction.
The second reason is that Iran is under the continuous threat of military intervention by the United States and Israel and we are not taking this into account either.
I do not want that, hence my protest vote.
Yet that notion has taken hold.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in the Globalisation Adjustment Fund, the European Union has a budgetary instrument that provides financial support to workers affected by major structural changes in world trade patterns.
Mr President, assessment of the Swedish Presidency yields a very positive result.
I voted in favour of the Matias report because:
We certainly do not intend to re-convert our existing landscapes into wild nature, but we need to publicly commit ourselves to preserving the last remaining wild areas of Europe.
Where this approach has not been followed, difficulties have arisen in certain Member States.
In their associations of city states, they discussed the respective merits of isopoliteia, or identical citizenship, which gave to each person the same rights in one city as in another, and sympoliteia, or common citizenship.
Written statements (Rule 149)
However, we are also concerned with creating new jobs.
So if I change the situation, the only result it will have is to distort fair competition between the Member States and between the small and bigger vessels.
Mr President, the European Union has had fishing agreements with Mauritania for over two decades.
The European Union made a commitment to all the Western Balkan countries that they would enter the European Union.
I would like to hear your opinion about this and I cordially and respectfully invite you and expect to see you at tomorrow's press conference.
Europe, on the other hand, unfortunately too often seems to have lost its faith in the future.
We have all followed the implementation of the European Asylum Support Office with great interest, but I believe, for instance, that very few steps have been made towards opening legal channels of immigration, which are absolutely necessary, or towards the directive on seasonal immigrants, which we have been anticipating for so long, but which does not even seem to have been considered by the Stockholm Programme.
However, it is clear that this resolution focuses too much on the role of the ESF boosting employment and not sufficiently on its key role in supporting the inclusion of vulnerable groups, which my group, the Socialists & Democrats, has always strongly supported.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Madam President, the announcement of the democratic opening last year gave hope of a genuine breakthrough in securing respect for Kurdish linguistic, cultural and human rights in Turkey and closing the door on the years of terrorism and violence.
I hope that the Commissioner will assist us in making these a reality.
If the main global players, including the European Union, are willing to respect the newly emerging geopolitical...
They are also a risk, but I obviously encourage you to have a small number of clear ideas that can always be communicated to all Europeans.
Otherwise, EU 2020 will be a Lisbon 2, a strategy which will have to be replaced in 10 years' time by another new strategy.
'Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year.
This is my diagnosis, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen.
The question certainly deserves to be asked, as both combinations are common in hardline regimes.
The next item is the report by Mrs Liotard, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on novel foods and amending Regulation (EC) No xxx/xxxx (common procedure) - C6-0027/2008 -.
Non-discrimination is in the Constitution, but it needs to be reflected in the laws, especially again in relation to lesbians, gay men, bisexual and transgendered people who are often murdered for no other reason than they are transsexual.
It is to many, but it is by no means the only system that exists, and it is quite legitimate for us, as a European Parliament, to look at the various systems that exist and choose one which is suitable for our circumstances.
The initiative undoubtedly has its merits, because it pays a great deal of attention to a world, the sub-Saharan world in particular, in which the right to health care is still not confirmed as it ought to be.
The question always concerns the standards on which the tests will be based, as allegedly none of the 17 German reactors would be approved today, simply because the standards which applied when they were built do not meet current requirements.
That is why we are keen to propose, as indicated in our White Paper, that we will act on damages actions to check how effective they are and to assess their impact.
I voted in favour of Mr Provera's report, because I consider that his report takes a realistic attitude to the problem and his proposed burden-sharing of immigration is sorely needed.
The text also protects consumers, whose interests - I stress - are central to our policies.
The EU certainly does not want such an outcome, nor, I suspect, does Russia.
If we cannot overcome this problem, we will pay an increasingly high price for our helplessness.
The Danube has very special characteristics as a river - that must surely be obvious - that are particularly sensitive to human interference.
In my view, this fight has been based on mutual trust between the Member States, but now, with the possibilities opened up by the Treaty of Lisbon, it is high time to harmonise national legislation so that there is no time limit on prosecuting terrorist crimes, which should be considered as crimes against humanity.
This question needs to be dealt with on a global level, since its causes lie outside the Arctic and, in turn, will also affect the whole globe.
However, sometimes, children travel accompanied by other family members and may, in fact, even live with them and so on.
I have taken very good note of what has been said by Parliament, namely, that any future instrument, whatever it looks like, should give consumers a high level of protection in order not to deprive them of the protection they would otherwise enjoy under national law.
Since then, as you know, in mid-August, 73 Africans were found dead off Lampedusa.
At dozens of airports, passengers were left to their own devices and did not have access to information about the resumption of flights.
We know very well that a text of this kind leads to concealing one's sexual orientation and runs counter to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) rights which we have defended and which this Parliament has defended.
This is neither socially nor environmentally-minded.
We need to prevent the crisis and its disastrous effects from occurring a second time, and it is precisely in order to carry that need for foresight and prevention over into our prudential policies that we will be introducing the Basel III regulations in Europe.
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation - Mutual assistance for the recovery of claims relating to taxes, duties and other measures - Reverse charge mechanism: goods and services susceptible to fraud - Promoting Good Governance in Tax Matters (debate)
From that we can improve things.
I voted in favour of Parliament's resolution as I considered that, despite the draft budget amended by the Council not entirely satisfying the real need for a Union budget that is sustainable, coherent and effective, Parliament's objective of providing the Union with a budget that is able to be implemented in a full and predictable manner starting from the beginning of the financial year was achieved.
Eco-terrorists have blocked construction of a bypass, in the name of protecting birds from noise.
The task of solving the problem cannot be offloaded on to the citizens, who are already suffering from completely unhealthy living conditions.
I wish, also, to thank the shadow rapporteurs, Mr Pittella and Mr Klinz, and all of those who worked on this important issue.
(Protests)
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am delighted to officially present to the Members of this House the Communication on the Single Market Act, which was adopted by the Commission on 27 October, and to debate it here with you.
It therefore was not always clear whether this route really was the right one to choose.
We also know that this country has enormous hydroelectric power potential.
It is bitterly ironic that the Left, who claim to be so much in favour of women's rights, attack Tunisia despite the fact that this country offers women opportunities and freedoms unprecedented anywhere else in the Arab world.
The EU has also adopted legislation to ban hate speech from TV channels, as well as to criminalise 'publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race, colour, religion, descent or national or ethnic origin'.
At this juncture, it is therefore extremely important to discuss the European Union's own resources and the need for a tax on financial transactions at European level, which would allow a modicum of justice in the economy.
When we exit the House, Mr President, we may find ourselves poorer and more insecure.
It would be simpler to call for America and its President, who is fulfilling his pre-election promise - in which many leading politicians publicly support him, by the way - to sort out this large and unwelcome problem itself.
Consequently, I voted in favour of this report.
As is the case with all the activities that you have liberalised, today we are paying more and more for a service that is becoming increasingly worse, not to say, unfortunately, dangerous.
Today, in this crisis, people are looking to Europe for protection and action to help them quickly get through the current critical phase, without any serious social breakdowns.
In my opinion, Mrs Mǎnescu's report also does an excellent job of addressing these issues.
(DE) Madam President, cohesion policy will only be successful in future if we face up to certain problems now.
Not even the current Presidency thinks this is worth the effort.
The Commission and the Member States are supporting Greece with a huge amount of money, expertise, interpreters and administrators.
After some difficulties with the transposition of the directive, due to doubts on the part of some Member States, the guidelines of this procedure, designed to simplify coordination between Member States with regard to consumer protection, environmental protection, and public health and safety, will finally be put into practice in all Member States, and this report will contribute to the even more effective implementation and improved operability of the measures put forward.
I will not be holding my breath.
Mr President, could I ask the speaker if, should he be disappointed and the Treaty actually finds itself in force, he would support the appointment of Mr Chris Patten as the High Representative?
Essentially, we need a coordinated European security policy and peace-keeping operations, but above all, in the area surrounding Europe and not in far-off Africa, where the ethnic fronts are unclear.
It concerns illegal employment, which often leads to wage compression and a reduction in state revenue, with all the concomitant difficulties in providing benefits, and a reduction in the operation of the welfare state.
Nonetheless, it does not provide a harmonised framework on the contents and the quality of non-promotional information for patients.
I consider that repeatedly saying that I, or the Commission, have not been elected constitutes a lack of respect for the Commission and for the Parliament to which you belong.
I also agree that the Commission's proposal, in its explanatory statement, should include clear and detailed information on the application, analysing the eligibility criteria and explaining the reasons that led to its approval, in accordance with the requests made by Parliament.
Thank you very much for your interest and your comments. The subject of microfinance is, in fact, one covered by a number of directorates general, with Mr Andor taking a certain lead as regards substance.
The Chilean people have shown themselves to be capable of meeting the challenges of a very complex situation.
Unfortunately, there has been very little progress so far.
However, playing on the basis of 'all or nothing' is not only irrelevant and not in accord with the spirit of the European Union, but it is also a road to nowhere, a blind alley.
(The sitting was suspended at 7.35 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m.)
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Vălean, in particular, but also Commissioner Reding, who showed great commitment in the negotiations for the Roaming II Regulation.
If we want to combat fundamentalism, of whatever kind that may be, then we must treat all victims of this fundamentalism in the same way.
We now move on to the catch-the-eye procedure.
Let us endeavour to discuss with them human rights, as we should, but let us not allow their leaders to launder their money through Europe's banking systems, to educate their children in our schools or universities, or to take holidays in our holiday resorts.
If the trialogue were not successful and the amounts available in the 2011 budget were the 2010 amounts divided into twelfths, the distribution and operation of the structural funds would become quite complicated, and the European External Action Service would even be in danger of not getting off the ground.
However, all of these matters actually affect polo and rugby union and table tennis players - all sports are affected.
in writing. - I welcome this report, which sets out how the EU's trade policy might contribute to tackling climate change.
An appropriate satellite navigation system could facilitate supervision by the Member States' authorities, as it is currently very difficult to prove a lack of compliance using the instruments we have today.
Perhaps the main thing that I can convey is the feeling of hope when I still believed that if only someone out there in Europe would see what was happening, the world would react, or the hopelessness when I realised that I had been left to my own misfortune and that no help was going to come.
We should not be talking about how we are making Germany less competitive.
I commend the excellent cooperation we have had over the past months and weeks on this complex file.
To some, it is simply about preventing the planes of Muammar al-Gaddafi from firing on the civilian population.
1. the extra costs incurred for extra rights will translate into permanently higher ticket costs across the board for all passengers;
In setting out these principles that should underlie the reformed common agricultural policy, I have deliberately not gone into detail; that will come in later reports.
Detailed analysis and argumentation on this matter can be found, for example, in the Commission's EMU@10 report of 2008.
Part of this money will go to large energy projects, including EUR 330 million to my country, Poland.
The first issue, which will not be resolved in two weeks, is that the Commission is wondering what a realpolitik means in a climate that has existed for years in the Mediterranean region and perhaps elsewhere.
It is the reason why we need to continue in our efforts and step up the struggle against this practice.
Let us therefore help Moldova.
While the Tibetan people continue to be threatened, the Dalai Lama, in the 2008 Memorandum and in the Notes attached to it this year, has confirmed his commitment not to seek the separation and independence of Tibet, but effective autonomy for the Tibetan people within the framework of the constitution of the People's Republic of China: a compromise policy of mutual benefit aimed at preserving Tibet's culture, based on compassion and non-violence.
Moreover, as Minister Carlgren has said, the recession has made it cheaper to reduce emissions.
This is why I wholeheartedly support this resolution that has today been voted through by this House.
As to the essence of the report, I would like to give my wholehearted agreement with what Lord Dartmouth said.
In your report, you express the concern that the conclusion of EPAs and increased regionalisation might undermine the coherence of the ACP Group.
This should be the time to commit to tackling the severe unemployment which continues to rise, and which could reach 30 million within the next year if we do not take appropriate measures immediately.
This is a formal complaint which I would like to raise with you, Madam President.
Question Time (Commission)
This report sets out an ambitious vision for energy efficiency through, for example, the introduction of individual goals and positive incentives.
The failure in Copenhagen must not be repeated.
Of course there is a problem in general and, referring to our reform, we can discuss what we can do to help our small-scale fisheries, in particular.
The turbulence in the region is translating into a rise in crude oil prices in world markets, something which is very apparent to everyone who lives in the European Union.
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance.
This is a step in the right direction, even though it excludes important issues such as, for example, the fact that generic medicines and non-prescription medicines are not covered by the implementation of safety features.
Subsidiarity and self-governance, power sharing and joint decision making are the fundamental values of the European Union.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Commissioner Hahn for this work.
Today's young people are going to create the Europe of the future, so we must make sure they develop properly, and we must help them make the best use of the opportunities the Union offers.
This is the right time to encourage our hesitating Member States, namely Cyprus, Greece, Romania, Slovakia and Spain, to put aside their concerns in this matter and join the majority in recognising Kosovo as soon as possible.
Moving on, there is, ladies and gentlemen, a second preliminary requirement for the success of 2020, which is putting our economy, our economies on a sound or improved footing.
That has led to an erosion of trust in institutions, in leaders, and among neighbours.
(Applause)
A study of the possibility of banning the use of antimicrobials in animal feed is therefore urgently needed, as is promotion of measures to reduce resistance to antibiotics, thereby ensuring better animal health and increased food safety.
It follows, therefore, that trade policy should almost never be burdened with a political agenda.
It is thanks to the responsible position of the PPE Group, which brought the process back on track and in the right direction on a sound legal basis according to the Treaties, that we could achieve such a political success.
(SK) Madam President, as of 1 January, the Presidency of the European Union was assumed by the Hungarian Government, which has reminded us of the fact through what might be termed a cultural carpet.
We need a European foundation for democracy to enable us, in future, to work more efficiently, more quickly and more democratically with these civil societies.
In my opinion, these problems are being made worse by the somewhat inaccurate approach being taken by Russia and China, the main players in the region, and which, of course, is different from the approach of the United States.
The debate is closed.
We need to coordinate information better in order to combat this growing phenomenon more effectively.
Further development of the confidential database on consumer problems is essential for the identification of markets.
The continued failure to reform the constitution, the Law on Political Parties and the judiciary, as well as the continued involvement of the military in politics, all influence the context in which Kurdish democratic political representation is repeatedly sabotaged.
On the basis of this report, the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme is broadband coverage by 2013 for all citizens of Europe, and high speed Internet by 2020.
Adaptation of the European Parliament's Rules of Procedure to the Lisbon Treaty (debate)
Therefore, when the benefits are weighed up, it is clear that this deserves our support.
In particular, we must support measures for their education and care in old age.
Nevertheless, a separate partnership instrument will concentrate on cooperation of EU interest and will be complemented by a thematic programme addressing civil society organisations and local authorities.
We must not end up with sectoral instruments: one for the area of consumer protection, one of the area of antitrust law, another one for the capital market, perhaps another one for the environment, perhaps another one for social affairs, all contradicting each other, all encroaching on the legal systems of the Member States and leading ultimately to legal confusion that can no longer be managed by any practitioner.
I think in many areas we do not have sufficient numbers in Member States to correctly keep control and account of the transportation issue, in this case of toxic waste.
Two concrete answers to two concrete questions: first, the declaration on Article 19 relating to harmonisation procedures.
Combating HIV/Aids within the EU and in the neighbouring countries 2006-2009 (vote)
The political staff of the bourgeois classes in the European Parliament are demanding the strengthening of the imperialist character of the EU, its further militarisation and the development of its military capabilities and those of the Euro Army, especially 'flexible' battlegroups and rapid reaction forces, such as those being prepared with EUFOR Libya for land operations in Libya, in which Greece is heavily involved as leader of the Balkan battlegroup.
To achieve these intentions, it is necessary to make investments in network infrastructure, because this would foster integration of regional energy markets, and also to modernise pan-European energy networks.
What about the United States?
The EU has finally recognised that, in particular in SMEs, it is not only new technological inventions which are innovative, but also, for example, the ability to adapt a product to meet a customer's specific circumstances or improve service processes.
My point is this: the European Union will only be able to achieve its objectives if we activate all policy areas; if we capitalise on the relationship we have with all our key partners; if we use the leverage available to us in an integrated way at all levels - at national, European and global level.
I hope that the Commission will bring forward proposals to also charge these costs to other means of transport in a phased manner.
Secondly, I appreciate the fact that Mr Scicluna takes up the issue of increased transparency in the financial sector in his report.
Clearly, the economy, recovering from the crisis and fiscal consolidation remain top priorities for us all.
The statement that I referred to previously, made on 25 February, says how the strategy for the Danube region should be used to increase prosperity, security and peace for the people who live in the region, through trans-regional and trans-national cooperation, as well as coordination at that level.
One of my constituents from York wrote to me last year saying never mind about employing women of childbearing age, any small businessmen who employs anybody has got to be out of his mind.
I support commitment to the transatlantic partnership as one of the main pillars of the EU's foreign policy, aiming to create a free market with the United States.
Since you know that I value your input very much, the European Parliament will be represented in the group of experts, if you will accept that invitation.
In terms of research and innovation in Europe, I welcome the reply from Commissioner Quinn regarding the need to improve the research infrastructure in the new Member States.
We are looking forward to listening to your speech.
However, there is still some work to be done.
Parliament rightly insisted on legislation that would be effective and suitable for the task.
Tuberculosis is heavily linked to social and economic problems, such as poverty, unemployment, alcoholism, drug addiction and HIV/AIDS, as well as the inadequate and poor state of healthcare systems in poor countries and delays in diagnosis.
Situation in Georgia (debate)
The European Globalisation Fund adopted by the Commission two years before the crisis has received seven applications from six countries from the automotive sector over the last two years.
I too call on the European Commission to urgently draw up the action plan for urban mobility in order to speed up the consistent integration of this sector as part of the European transport network in general.
The culture of the regions needs support and protection.
As you have heard, our large group will be supporting you with great verve, and will also be keeping a somewhat critical eye on you.
One of the most probable causes of the problem is both modified products and nicotinoid pesticides.
Many of us here played an active role in the Orange Revolution by helping the Ukrainian democrats at a time of hardship.
The paragraphs about combating illegal migration are open to several interpretations, although, to my mind, they do not err on the repressive side.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, honourable Members, let me thank Sharon Bowles for her question and also for the draft resolution on the permanent mechanism.
It is also important for the Philippines to know that Europe is alert and carefully watching developments in the country.
The European dimension is absolutely vital for two main reasons.
As regards access to financial resources, it is very important that the use of funds available at European Union level be more efficient.
China should make a concessionary gesture in this regard.
This means that we are dealing with loaned data belonging to members of the public, as we say in our resolution when talking about the concept of informational self-determination.
It is also worth considering how we could integrate sustainability criteria into the scheme of tariff preferences.
The term 'minority' has only just been included in the preamble of the Treaty of Lisbon, and, as my fellow Members have mentioned frozen conflicts, it should be noted that 90% of these are interethnic conflicts.
This is a very clear reason why we should deal very seriously with this problem and why we should come back to it, because the proposed solution did not provide us with a way out of this situation.
Economic growth, investment in innovation and training, and fighting unemployment are fundamental pillars for Europe's integration to continue, and they are also Mr Barroso's priorities for the future.
(GA) Mr President, thank you for giving me the opportunity to say a few words about the unusual flooding that happened in Ireland at the weekend.
Finally, this resolution, without legislative muscle, creates a wholly timorous image of our Parliament, whereas the Commission, in concert with the Council, is working on the contrary to maintain this mechanism indispensable for the stability of the euro over the long term.
There is also talk of lightweights and heavyweights.
Not only do we need to create the technical facilities for this, but also build a strict political, legal and social structure.
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
It is only human to feel compassion for the innocent victims of the natural disaster there.
This ranges from the amendment of the Posting of Workers Directive to the Social Chapter, which in addition to the treaties, in addition to Lisbon, should also clearly set out the social dimension of this Europe.
Secondly, bringing our eastern neighbours into the European family, even if the prospect of actual membership of the EU is probably still a not a realistic option in the immediate future, is a long-term project.
Having a child is physically and emotionally demanding, and is a profound experience for any woman.
I firmly believe that MEPs will approve this report and that it will then be clearly approved by the Council.
This is more than necessary if we want to be in with a chance of achieving the Millennium Goals by 2015, because, Commissioner, basic healthcare deserves sustainable investments in the long term.
Protection of personal data (vote)
It was in 1999 that the European Union started to harmonise its policies on the subject, and there seems today to be a sense of satisfaction at the spectacular fall in the number of asylum seekers.
Nuclear energy, for example, is widely used in the EU's Member States, and an increasing number of European countries which are dependent on coal or gas are suffering to a certain extent since they are having to limit their emissions, which gives rise to costs which are distributed very unequally between the individual Member States.
I should merely like to note that our economy is based 75% on services and that in a global market, they must certainly represent our strong point.
The Member States, for their part, are allegedly necessarily deaf to their distress, repressive and too slow to take decisions.
Mr President, I would like to assure you that I will be introducing a simpler topic than genetically modified organisms.
On the basis of the above, I voted in favour of rejecting the report.
It is vital that the EU and the international community stand united behind the negotiating effort, including by supporting that effort through appropriate measures.
Mr President, each year the Conference of Presidents tables different amendments to try to ensure that we spend more time in Strasbourg than we should.
However, we also believe that a proposal should not benefit one side only.
This measure is of high symbolic and educational value, and will present European history and culture as a whole.
However, it is not the rapporteur but the Secretary General of the European Parliament or the senior representative of the European institution involved who can uncover and resolve everything.
Apart from that, I have also spent some time going through the final declarations of previous world food summits and come to the conclusion that they share a surprising number of similarities - with each other and with the resolution of this Parliament, for that matter.
Since we have united, let us not break up in another way, as a result of a lack of reciprocity in the opportunities for citizens to develop.
Developing countries have been severely affected by the present economic and financial crisis and it is feared that they will suffer a sharp slowdown, or even a serious decline, in their growth and progress indices.
Why can we not be more realistic with regard to the Structural Funds?
Her skills, political experience, moral authority and perfect command of English, coupled with her experience of working across the globe, make her the ideal candidate for the post of Managing Director of the IMF.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
They were clearly thinking of the next hundred years.
Today's vote by the European Parliament should therefore provide additional impetus for this process thanks to the unanimous support from across the political groups.
Mr President, a common point that emerged from the debate we had last month on this resolution was that we need to discuss the issue of freedom of expression everywhere, both throughout Europe and outside it.
They have, of course, done this for good reason, because they want the Charter of Fundamental Rights to apply in the Czech Republic.
This also concerns the need to build a renewable energy market in Europe.
I would re-state that, had it not been for the European Union signalling its willingness to taking a second commitment period, had we said the same as other Kyoto parties in Cancún, then any prospect of having a legally binding deal by now would have been dead.
Implementing measures (Rule 88): see Minutes
Coupled with the 'one in, one out' policy for regulation that my own government is operating, these measures should begin to achieve our objective.
Would you be prepared to confirm this to Parliament?
The problems of Roma ghettoes can only be resolved by a European action plan ensuring complex reintegration and immediate development of the excluded regions.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this resolution on the Green Paper from the Commission on policy options for progress towards a European contract law for consumers and business.
This report is a valuable contribution to the debate launched by the European Commission some time ago.
The Commission proposal does not provide the required clarity.
Progress in the LDCs is interconnected with the quality and coherence of development partner policies.
Only then will there be a clear vision for both industrial policy and a social Europe.
If there were to be no grazing stock in the mountains, then many of the agricultural areas there would simply be useless and would be abandoned.
Thank you, Commissioner!
Mr President, Commissioner, I am sure that your services often explain to you that certain necessary measures for climate change cannot be taken and applied.
The extent to which documentation and traceability are really effective is open to doubt.
The expanding single aviation market is turning the EU into a global player.
There remains much to do in this area.
But under these proposals, all services are open, except those specifically excluded at the outset.
By supporting family policies, the state will provide the essential preconditions for families.
Secondly, the whole point of a financial transaction tax should not be to raise money for pet projects, no matter how worthy.
Its current situation needs to be challenged.
Having voted against it, we view the adoption of this report with concern.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
This is particularly the case given the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Even the Commission's presence in Parliament has also been strengthened, especially through the implementation of question time, not only for the President of the Commission, but also for the commissioners.
(DE) Mr President, after all this excitement, perhaps we need a more down-to-earth approach.
The first point relates to significant flexibility.
It is very important that we also have harmonisation in the area of the marketing of construction products, and, as a result, are able to exchange best practices.
Energy efficiency in the European Union should be adapted in the direction of demand, which is directly tied to expenditure and changes in citizens' habits.
The information that has come to light about this ACTA court up to now is very dispiriting.
The text of the European Consensus does mention the Red Cross, but it ignores other actors that have the same status in international law but which are based on Christianity, such as, for example, the Order of Malta.
Let us hope so, Mr President, and thanks, once again, to Mrs Napoletano for your understanding and help.
The Swiss example should give us pause to reflect on the concerns that people have.
9.
Since its independence, natural disasters have given way to political catastrophes there, and here we are today faced with a tragedy of historic proportions.
12.
Unfortunately, at that time, no one paid attention to our recommendation.
Mr Schulz, I am not certain we can discuss this point again.
Firstly, I do not think it a good thing that many Roma remain stuck in the role of victim.
At the moment, the benefits are few, since this is not a flu that causes a huge number of deaths - nowhere near as many as seasonal flu, in any case.
We have already seen the good people of Germany saying that they are not happy with the situation.
I will give my reasons for that.
In this respect, I welcome the proposal to the United Nations Security Council aimed at setting up an institution with this in mind.
Then one of the first things the European Parliament chooses to do after telling citizens this for years is to say no to direct elections, no to convening a convention and no to all of the instruments that we have used in the past to convince citizens why this Treaty was necessary.
Her quiet diplomacy, rather than an 'ego on legs', has ensured agreements where others have failed and where it has proved difficult in the past.
14.
Agreement among the three peoples and their political leaders on effective governance is possible only when nobody feels threatened any more by the others or by the outside world.
Mr President, I rise again to suggest through you to the Conference of Presidents that someone needs to get their act together.
According to the Eastern Partnership, the External Relations Council agreed in September that the directives on negotiating new agreements must be prepared for all three countries in the Southern Caucasus, including Georgia.
Six months on, it has to be acknowledged that the implementation of this recovery plan is almost non-existent, and I want to find out what is happening with these EUR 30 billion of recovery funds.
It is to make this instrument more effective and more predictable and so the Commission has, in consultation with the Member States and other stakeholders, devised a longer-term form of budget support, which we have called the MDG contract, for countries that meet certain criteria: good past performance, reliable public finance management, appropriate sectional policy, and so on.
Setting up a permanent EU operational headquarters, placed alongside the Civilian Planning and Conduct Capability, would maximise the benefits of civil-military coordination.
I would like to ask why this has not happened.
Another important factor as far as we are concerned is the passengers.
During the violent repression, several opposition leaders were wounded and temporarily arrested.
We want to work jointly to ensure that we have detailed and reliable proof of the waste management routes and their safety, particularly as the storage periods will be very long.
Why should the countries which are surviving the crisis be bled dry to the tune of almost EUR 100 billion to save Ireland which, with its policy of 12.5% business tax,, has until now been competing unfairly with the other countries?
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the regulation being discussed today, under the guise of solidarity, is, in reality, yet another betrayal by Europe of its citizens.
UKIP just shouts impotently from the sidelines while we get on and do the business of making sure that fundamental rights are protected.
I misunderstood the point you made.
2.
Your resolution is surely right to say that enlargement, and I quote, 'has proven to be one of the most successful of all European Union policies'.
One thing is absolutely clear: all European policy that currently exists within the framework of the current treaties must be dealt with within the existing institutions.
Clearly there are people who will be suffering as a result of the economic crisis in these countries, but quite often they are not necessarily the people we want to help.
Sluggishness, inadequacy and a purely intergovernmental vision are worsening the impact of the crisis and weakening the credibility of the European project.
Mr President, the opinion that the European Parliament will vote now on the Commission's proposal for a directive on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation does not prejudice the final position that the Parliament will take with regard to the implementation of Article 291 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and the consequences for the procedures based on Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999, especially as regards the regulatory procedure with scrutiny or the position that the Parliament may wish to take on delegated acts in other legislation.
That is a big difference, because recommendations can be changed and proposals from the Commission cannot.
And now you are looking for a remit over one of the last wildernesses in the world, the Arctic.
The action plan underlines this and builds on existing commitments made at the June EU-Pakistan Summit, including humanitarian aid, reconstruction support, assistance to the police and judiciary and strengthening democratic institutions and civil society to improve human rights, as well as agreements on trade and socio-economic development.
In Estonia, 14 June is a national day of commemoration.
The response of the European Central Bank to the crisis has been effective, although it has been guilty at times of acting late or with a lack of assertiveness, particularly in relation to the policy of reducing interest rates, which was more radical and effective in the United Kingdom and the US Federal Reserve.
It is fighting and we are fighting with it not, as some would have us believe, to save the jobs of the traders, but to avoid a general collapse of our entire economy and because there can be no lasting recovery without a healthy banking system.
Having stated in September that it was determined to supervise the markets, the European Parliament has today, 11 November, sent another powerful message to the rest of the world.
In a multilateral framework it is very good to have civil society involved, in all its different forms, and also presents a great opportunity for them and for us to work on energy security.
Questions for oral answer and written declarations (submission): see Minutes
The EU has to bring all the Member States together to put in place integrated national systems for implementing the plan.
I should like to thank Mrs Harkin for drawing attention to recognition of the value of voluntary work.
We know that, if we are going to be successful in implementing Lisbon fully - and this is what the report says - we need that sustainable funding in the next framework as well.
Institutions will last, so we need to have institutions for the enlarged Europe.
the oral question to the Commission by Renate Weber, Sophia in 't Veld, Leonidas Donskis, Cecilia Wikström, Alexander Alvaro, Sonia Alfano, Gianni Vattimo, Sarah Ludford and Ramon Tremosa i Balcells, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in Lithuania - B7-0669/2010),
I have noted all the comments with great care, and they will now become a basis for thinking about certain modifications.
Following the same principles, I proposed that the rights of asylum seekers subject to the Dublin procedures should be better guaranteed.
The report continues with a geographical analysis of what we can hope to achieve.
Enough please, before we damage irrevocably the global economy.
I would like to expand our vision slightly and look to the future, not just the past.
I consider the high quality, easy accessibility and effectiveness of universal mental health services called for in Mrs Tzampazi's report to be especially important, as I do greater investment in top quality research.
When introducing such a policy we must also remember that Europeans, while united, are first and foremost citizens of their own countries.
The blame also lies with the major world powers and their leaders, who are trying to lay the blame for supplying weapons or profiteering on each other.
You are right.
Finally, it is also important to improve cooperation between the various national services, and between such services and relevant institutions and organisations, at international and regional level.
To attack the safeguard clauses, which are a direct expression of the Treaties and a fundamental guarantee of the democracy of the Member States, as serving 'to codify ... discriminatory practices' is pathetic and grossly undermines the fundamental rights of citizenship.
(ES) Madam President, in order to mitigate the social and energy impact and to ensure secure energy reserves, we have tabled three amendments in plenary with the following aims: firstly, for the overall volume of aid per year to diminish, but with no percentage limit or limit per business.
I am somewhat concerned by Mr Baudis's scepticism regarding the possibility of this summit being postponed.
You have a clear majority for the line you are taking here.
Offsets aim at fostering the industry of the Member State which purchases defence equipment abroad.
Finally, we must take into account the imbalances produced in the marketing chain, the importance of relying on sectoral marketing standards and the need to draw up EU guidelines for best practice for the operation of the systems related to agricultural product quality and their mutual recognition.
On Afghanistan and Pakistan: the new Administration agrees on the importance of a more comprehensive policy - to add a civilian surge in parallel to a military surge.
Mr President, I am very happy with the citizens' initiative.
We therefore need to examine and exploit all the potential that is available to us, including the Joint Committee and its new powers, as well as the new possibilities opened up at the International Civil Aviation Organisation regarding the Single European Sky ATM Research and others.
In my view, this will not create any new jobs.
Obviously coordination is only for the good times.
As I have mentioned on many previous occasions, I firmly believe that the failure to reach agreement on the amendment is a bad message for European workers and enterprises, for European institutions and, by extension, for Europe as a whole.
This is having an adverse impact on Lithuania at a time when it has one of highest unemployment rates in the EU.
We would appeal to our Lithuanian colleagues to reflect further on this matter and to make sure that whatever legislation they pass will not discriminate against LGBT people.
I really think there is still a very long way to go, especially as regards fair charging.
Everybody in the House must, of course, ask themselves whether they have prostrated themselves before the pesticide industry or whether they are creating added value for citizens, health and the environment.
I think we also need to take on board that they come with their own culture, tradition and languages.
I regret that in considering the implementation of the budget for the 2009 financial year, the Court of Auditors has again chosen to focus on energy and research policies rather than on transport policy.
The existence of a 'pseudo-state' under 'supervised sovereignty', protected by the EU/NATO, specifically by means of their 'EULEX' and 'viceroys', the 'International Civilian Representative' and the 'EU Special Representative', who have judicial, police and customs powers, as well as 'executive functions' and monitoring functions, constitute unacceptable acts of neo-colonialism.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund would benefit two different enterprises and save 140 jobs.
This directive will thus help protect Dutch consumers and improve the internal market, and the PVV is fully in favour of that.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, first of all I would like to convey the regrets of Vice-President Barrot for being unable to be with you tonight.
Freedom will prevail in the end, and therefore to all those who are using violence today we must say: stop shooting and give the people freedom by means of free elections.
Honourable Members have covered a wide range of different topics and I shall not least be making sure that the two presidents - the President of the Commission and the President of the Council - who, of course, will be leading the European Union at the summit, are fully aware of the issues that have been raised.
We cannot have nuclear power plants which are built for a service life of thirty years still remaining in use after forty or even fifty years.
Now, in the course of 20 years, the context of the negotiations has changed profoundly.
I propose that national audit bodies be involved in the audit chain so that they may issue certificates to their governments, which would be included in the discharge procedure.
In my country, tobacco growing is a vitally important and critical industry for a large part of the population in regions where it is their only form of livelihood.
We need to respect the rules we have.
Health is the most valuable asset we possess.
We in Parliament are not going to put pressure on him for the time being.
I agree with this decision to provide Ukraine with exceptional MFA.
That would be fundamentally at odds with the spirit of the European Union, which was founded on the recognition of the equal dignity of members of the human family.
In particular, I am keen to inform the European Parliament regularly about the latest developments regarding negotiations on the Framework Agreement.
An 'act' in this sense is a new political instrument that we developed for the first time in connection with small and medium-sized enterprises - you will remember the Small Business Act - and we will be bringing forward an innovation act that brings together legislative measures, policy initiatives and politically-binding guidelines in a major package.
The Commission is assessing the implementation of EU law based on reports provided by the Member States under existing EU regulations.
Everyone who has seen the European Parliament motion for a resolution will have to admit that it could not have been that.
We call for the establishment of equitable relations and mutual respect between the two parties, based on the interests of their people and respect for the principles of non-intervention, disarmament and détente.
in writing. - (PT) I voted for the motion for a resolution because I believe that electric vehicles can contribute to achieving the priorities for the Europe 2020 Strategy, which consist of developing an economy that is based on knowledge and innovation, and promoting an economy that is more efficient in terms of use of resources; in other words, one that is more environmentally friendly and competitive.
When a frozen conflict erupted into open conflict in August 2008, we responded immediately.
The EU Member States and the US account for a share of 60% of global aviation markets.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (FR) Mr President, allow me, first of all, to warmly congratulate not only the Council but also the rapporteur, of course, Mrs Roth-Behrendt, the European Commission, my fellow shadow rapporteurs and, in particular, Mrs Ries, for this work that we have done.
So that in itself is a very positive element.
We know that, regrettably, the Council under the Czech Presidency has adopted a very conservative attitude to the promotion of gender equality.
When the Transparency Regulation was adopted, the 'yes' votes from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats were decisive in winning the vote.
It is not by means of a new tax that we will solve the problem of public finances.
Opposition parties and non-governmental organisations continue to denounce attacks on human rights and the political repression which is rife there, not to mention the corruption of the regime in power.
Struggling businesses should also carry on receiving support from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund which should be permanent and have its own budget.
Therefore, ladies and gentlemen of the Commission, it is somewhat scandalous for Europe to speak out in favour of decent work and in favour of the ILO, and then not ratify the ILO conventions and simply content ourselves with rhetoric.
As such, it is crucial to strike a balance between a high level of consumer protection - especially as regards the level of information provided to them and responsibility for any harm caused to them - and the costs this will impose on businesses.
The next task is to set up a European judicial area.
I welcome very particularly the announcement of the Irish Farmers' Association that they are setting up a food taskforce.
Please move on discards - it is immoral and totally unacceptable that we are criminalising our fishermen.
Therefore, it makes sense to coordinate the use of these frequencies efficiently throughout Europe.
As protectionist and liberalising measures accumulate, a situation will arise in which they are mutually exclusive and will have no effect on world trade.
In the field of helicopter availability, we already had two exercises in France and in Spain.
That was never really made clear in the Commission proposal.
For this reason, with regard to the Copenhagen criteria, we must also ensure in Turkey's case that the political conditions relating to freedom of speech, democracy, the rule of law and freedom of religion are a requirement for accession and that there is no question of a compromise in this area.
The truth is that we will only keep a check on the industry if we check those who do not comply.
Mr President, the world economic downturn is hitting each of our countries and each of our regions.
This negative impact is, as has been said, due to an unprecedented and ill-founded concession: the exemption from the rules of origin for processed fish products, when requested, due to not having sufficient indigenous raw materials.
Thirdly, the Roaming Regulation should be extended until June 2015, with price caps for roaming in order to reduce costs for the public and businesses.
Parliament must be involved in all initiatives relating to future joint programming in the field of research. In fact, Article 182 of the Treaty of Lisbon ensures a suitable legal basis for future developments in this area.
We cannot ignore the fact that the divergent economic situations and debt levels among the various Member States mean differences in their freedom of movement when it comes to the size of the investment they can make in the area of employment and human resources.
We can do whatever we like with regard to sovereign debt, but if we do not clean up the banking sector, we will achieve nothing.
I therefore urge the European Parliament to approve the proposal
In other words, it means contradicting the monotheistic idea that makes universal religions which, like Christianity and Islam, oppose idolatry and polytheism, great religions that are close to people.
Thank you.
Follow-up to a request for the defence of immunity: see Minutes
Finally, it is essential to note that important safeguards are built into the system of delegated acts, such as the possibility of objection by the two colegislators, Parliament and Council, with respect to specific acts adopted by the Commission under its delegated powers and the possibility of completely withdrawing the delegation if they are not satisfied with the way in which these powers are used by the Commission.
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) plays a vital role in collecting data about drugs and drug addiction, adding to the store of objective, reliable and comparable data at European level, which provides a basis for analysing demand for drugs and ways of reducing it, as well as phenomena associated with the drug market in general.
I voted in favour of the Schwab report, which strengthens the rights of consumers and safeguards them in particular when they are the weak contractual party, for example when they make purchases away from business premises.
Completing the digital single market (
I voted in favour of this report on the development of the common security and defence policy (CSDP) following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
in writing. - (PT) Precariousness affects not only working conditions and relations, but also the very stability and quality of life for workers.
This means that what has so far often been seen as a deficiency of Brussels or of the Council will also be the responsibility of Parliament.
I advocate that we observe matters in Ukraine objectively, not through party political spectacles.
The citizens of most EU Member States, with the exception of Cyprus, Romania and Bulgaria, do not require a visa to enter Taiwan.
In any case, I hope that existing structures, such as the Vienna agency, will be involved in the drafting of the tactical plan that the Commission is due to present to us.
Respect for, and the promotion of, democracy and human rights, especially those of women, are fundamental principles of the European Union and must constitute common values shared with partner countries of the European Neighbourhood Policy.
The challenges for African countries are immense, within the context of a serious crisis in the world economy.
You never tell people that you are going to hit them in the pocket.
However, precisely because we cannot yet fully trust the Government of Kazakhstan in respect of the rule of law, we must insist that the case is investigated in an objective manner.
We have a Council President - and everyone assures us that this is a person who will seek consent and agreement - and we also have a High Representative for foreign policy.
It has been said that, as well as Greece, there are other European Union Member States which can expect serious financial difficulties.
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday, 22 October 2009 pursuant to Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed.
It is important that we do not push further forward at a speed and rate we are not fully prepared for.
Unfortunately, therefore, we cannot support this agreement, but I would nevertheless like to thank all those involved.
In this connection, I would like to stress the importance of the directive now being discussed by the Council on the prohibition of discrimination in the supply of goods and services.
As I see it, those are ultimately the areas concerned and they must be included.
In fact, while European rules should be predictable and impartial, they should also introduce the flexibility necessary to meet the specific needs of the markets and the European public, in this case, distillery owners in Germany.
We also consider the indication concerning the need to monitor new foods placed on the market positive.
One way would be the transfer of financial resources, but it is much better to give the people the opportunity to make a decent living from the work they do.
How, specifically, is the Commission committed to ensuring that funds will start flowing in advance of resources from the Eighth Framework Programme?
That is the cause of this crisis.
Digitisation should increase the access of the general public to materials that are essential for study, cognition and education, and strengthening cultural identity.
I should like to explain that I am also taking into account whether Members spoke during the one-minute speeches at the last part-session or two part-sessions ago: this has also been taken into account.
Adjournment of the session
We are committed to ensuring that European legislation, and Member States' implementation measures, fully respect the prohibition of discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation.
How can you ensure that the strategy is properly implemented under these conditions?
As Member States of the European Union we have laws, statutes and deeply rooted European values that safeguard our rights.
The situation should not be played up or down, but rather we need a serious, thorough approach.
International fisheries agreements are also an instrument; they are a means for bringing democracy and development to the countries concerned.
(DE) Are you of the opinion that local knowledge and regional regulations should be a basic requirement to ensure that these professions can be carried out accordingly?
China is the second largest trading partner of the EU, and the EU has been China's largest trading partner since 2006.
In closing, I would also like to remind everyone that the growing complexity of this product legislation overwhelms small and medium-sized enterprises.
An aspect which will also certainly be emphasised strongly at the summit is the huge, currently unused potential of Africa in the field of renewable energy, including hydro, solar, wind, geothermal and biomass energy.
Because the Committee on Budgets is the parliamentary body in which we can measure whether we have leeway or not.
I also support the call for an immediate end to the ongoing violence and for the opening of constructive dialogue, with the aim of settling the conflict by peaceful and democratic means.
For each of these levers, for example, mobility, financing of small businesses, intellectual property, taxes, public services, or social cohesion, we will propose a key action that will be new, that we hope will be effective for businesses and citizens, and that will be deliverable within two years.
Involvement in the European Union provides added value.
It is the sovereign right of Member States to decide, in accordance with their constitutional rules, how they wish to consult their people directly.
Moreover, it is the height of hypocrisy to state that the diversity of these systems is an asset when 'regulatory emulation' is also recommended to allow for their convergence - or, in other words, their eventual standardisation.
It is true that the risk is more present in Southern Europe, but let us not forget that climate change affects all of Europe's environmental assets.
In all other respects, however, we need to look for ways to make savings and increase efficiency.
Human trafficking is a serious violation of human rights and is very profitable for organised crime.
Its current dependency on non-governmental organisations (NGOs) is seen at the level of basic public services such as health and education.
We call on the ministers to adopt a road map for implementing the Euromed Free Trade Area at the forthcoming conference.
This report on human rights has moved from the concept of rights as a guarantee of personal liberty to a right as a claim on everybody else.
We want that money spent in the UK on our schools, on our hospitals and our infrastructure, not wasted on corruption with your accounts in auditing for 14 years.
Europe should concern itself with supporting the Italian Government, which is trying to prevent the invasion of illegal immigrants who can be used by the mafia and by terrorists.
I know that they fear the threat from an aggressive and unpredictable neighbour shelling them with rockets, but in this matter the international community, including the EU, could come with help.
Codification of the directive on marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs aims to achieve this approach and to simplify consumers' understanding of the legislation.
Instead, they must initiate an immediate dialogue with the opposition movements and civil society; release political prisoners, journalists and human rights defenders at once; and end the state of emergency immediately.
I would also like to remind you of the importance of the principle of relative stability, which is particularly close to my heart.
Because domestic work takes place largely within the family home, there can be issues of privacy involved.
In Nantes, over 1 000 Roma are being expelled from one place after another due to a lack of government regulated sites in which to accommodate them.
My last words on the subject of human rights: we must give priority to those who are most vulnerable, minors, women who are victims of trafficking, of exploitation and of violence, including victims of genital mutilation, but I know that Commissioner Malmström has this properly in hand.
Nevertheless, the reality of European policies and those of its Member States in this area raises questions.
We must work towards this.
The future of the economy is the future of the green economy.
At the same time, the impact of innovation on society is dependent on the extent to which the benefit of scientific achievements is spread.
This is not the first time that we have had a problem relating to food safety in Germany.
Such provisions will be fully integrated within the trade agreement.
Setting up the special committee on the financial and economic crisis as a body to analyse and evaluate the coordination of the measures taken by the Member States to support sustainable qualitative growth is crucial.
Mr Chairman, fundamentally, this report seems to have some very good objectives helping the Member States of the EU, who have been hard hit by the economic and financial crisis, via European funding.
I believe that legislators must not leave the European Court of Justice to decide in their place, nor leave citizens with no other means of having their rights recognised than by going to court.
in writing. - I welcome this report, which sets out a new set of rights for bus and coach passengers and should enhance the quality of the services on offer to them, putting pressure on transport service providers to clean up their acts when it comes to delays, cancellations and lost or damaged luggage.
In particular, there is strong support for the new provisions for introducing a port state control system, which will close European ports to landings and transhipments of frozen fish which have not been verified to be legal by the authorities of the state in question.
Commissioner Füle also mentions this.
These improvements are crucial as a way of promoting the common fisheries policy (CFP) in future.
By the same token, that should apply to Moldova and, one day, to Belarus, if it becomes a democratic country.
However, the European Union, in spite of the 2005 proposal for a regulation, which was broadly supported by consumers, by categories of civil society, still lacks a definition, in spite of the favourable opinion expressed many times by Parliament.
Does it make any difference, people often ask, whether there are 500 or just 499 different animals to gaze at in the zoo?
However, I hope that the 2012 budget will contribute to sustainable growth in the EU, enhance competitiveness and promote employment.
It is not only a limited resource, but it is the only thing that local people have to sell.
Reducing illiteracy, ensuring children complete their schooling and the need for vocational training and retraining offer opportunities for accessing the labour market as well as means of social inclusion.
I can support your amendments and those related to the alignment of the proposal with the new control regulation, in force since January 2010.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
Written statements (Rule 142)
Sexual exploitation is a violation of a child's right to care and protection.
When it comes down to it, we have a lot to gain from the Commission's proposal for a directive.
We need to state quite clearly that we want to have a very serious discussion with the Commission on the fundamentals.
This is scandalous!
This will certainly help us face the new global challenges.
For the time being, then, we have a working group.
Decisions on the best way to handle such situations should be taken at European Union level, avoiding unilateral action by Member States.
One's safety is not guaranteed in this city...
I hope all the Member States will be ready to support this view.
I therefore welcome the rapporteur's suggestion to leave some room to Member States to review the new criteria before commencing payments.
I believe that the European Union should take a step forward in guaranteeing greater protection for European consumers.
I hope that this basis will translate into a sensible and useable piece of legislation.
It is imperative that there be a positive outcome to it soon.
We believe we have to take practical steps: a comprehensive test ban treaty should come into force; the fissile material cut-off; support for peaceful uses of nuclear energy to find safe ways of making sure that we avoid proliferation - for example, the contributions we make to the nuclear fuel bank - and support for a very strong and effective IAEA.
The fact that President Daniel Ortega has failed to improve his country's situation, despite myriad Socialist utopian promises upon taking office, would suggest that Nicaragua needs a change of leadership now.
We implore the Commission to do its part, too.
The budget adopted includes increased funding for most of the priorities set out by Parliament, whilst respecting the global limits set by the Council.
At that, Prime Minister Berlusconi and the French President join forces to say that now we need border controls again because of the situation that we ourselves have brought about.
The Commission's proposal to maintain the guidelines for the Member States' employment policies adopted in 2010 for 2011 is perfectly in line with the Europe 2020 Strategy and is supported by Parliament through this report.
What an absolute nonsense this has been.
That is not just one, two or three, and not just yesterday: I repeat, this is over the past nine years.
It was clear from the start that a report emanating from the dubious Human Rights Council of the UN - and that, Mr Howitt, is what the leader of our group criticised, not the UN; I am afraid your rather petty party point was rather demeaning - would be a one-sided condemnation of Israel.
That is why I have abstained.
Action taken on Parliament's resolutions: see Minutes
We must not aggravate the situation by adopting a resolution which will definitely be regarded as unsatisfactory by the parties involved.
One more thing: I cannot understand how it is that in 2014, China is going to host another Olympic Games event - this time it will be the Youth Olympic Games - while we are unable to force China to make advances in the field of human rights.
That is crucial.
We cannot afford not to ensure that we have new, modern maternity leave legislation.
The huge efforts undertaken by the EIB bring into focus the importance of optimising the use of EIB capital.
We want the Kyoto Protocol itself to retain its importance for the environment and, above all, we want to avoid creating a financial bubble at the expense of European businesses.
You will see centralised economic planning and control and, above all, what you will see is the desire to impose a political union upon the peoples of Europe without their consent.
They say that it is important that Europe speaks with one voice, but they keep drowning out Europe's voice.
Consequently, any change of stance by the ECB will need to take account of the new situation and be applied in close cooperation with the Member States currently hit by the debt crisis.
In the conflict since 1998, over 5 000 400 people have lost their lives and, indirectly or directly, as many as 45 000 deaths occur every month.
Could you perhaps ask the Committee on Constitutional Affairs to clarify this issue?
On the one hand, today's debate is taking place in the context of the crisis, the preventive measures being taken and the financial difficulties being experienced by certain Member States, while on the other hand it is being held against the backdrop of the new financial perspective for the post-2014 period, which has already been drafted.
What do you have to say, Commissioner, to the unemployed, to workers in flexible, temporary, insecure work who, for over 4-5 years, have worked in the public and private sector, on much-vaunted internships, and have already been given notice of dismissal?
It is also urgent to develop a regional protection programme encompassing Egypt, Libya and Tunisia.
That is to say we must indeed put all of our efforts not only into ending the crisis and combating poverty, but more importantly into ensuring the social inclusion of some of our fellow European citizens who are today left by the wayside.
I am sure that the treaty will improve continuity and will strengthen the EU's role in the international arena.
in writing. - (FR) It is simply unacceptable that this report has been adopted by the majority Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament; that is why, in line with our rapporteur Mr Hoang Ngoc, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has voted against it.
Organ donation must always be free and protected from any potential commercialisation.
Written statements (Rule 149)
In the Balkans, the theme of enlargement is introduced: the report praises the gradual achievement of the stabilisation process in Kosovo, where the European Union is present with the EULEX mission, but efforts must still be made to ensure that accession standards are respected for many countries close to candidacy for accession - Turkey and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
You also spoke about a multi-polar world which is changing rapidly.
Thus, to me, it is an unnecessary directive infringing basic rights, particularly of people of faith and conscience, and illustrates all that is over-reaching, meddling and wrong-headed within the EU.
As I said, I believe that this is in the interest of both peoples in that region and I believe Prime Minister Netanyahu has a vital role in helping to get the talks moving.
Mr President, several weeks after the governing coalition in Pakistan was on the verge of collapse, the country was rocked by the shooting, in broad daylight, of the Governor of Punjab.
While I have the floor, I should like to say a couple of words about the March Councils: the month of March is crucial to the euro area and to the European Union as a whole.
I also share the views expressed by Mr Audy and some other honourable Members about the discharge procedure.
It will play its part in the Europe 2020 strategy, but it also has its own value, as it is cohesion policy that holds the EU together, at its core.
The deadline for tabling motions for resolutions falls on Tuesday, 15 February at 10:00.
Wholesale automatic exchange, which forms the basis of the Alvarez and Domenici reports, is the scanner that strips you at every turn; it is the SWIFT agreement writ large from which there is no return.
I find all that discriminatory towards our female workers.
I am pleased to note that both countries have been receptive to the initiative and that talks have commenced at a high level.
What took place was a killing, and I personally would have preferred it if the United States had apprehended him and taken him to court.
With food security being a key factor in globalisation nowadays, we need to maintain our capacity for being self-sufficient.
I want to talk, in particular, about paragraph 29 of the motion on which we will vote on Wednesday. It says that Parliament 'welcomes all efforts by the Indian Government to eradicate child labour'.
I should also like to highlight the political significance of this Czech Presidency.
Thus all is set in Europe and, as we say in my country, 'a word to the wise is enough' - that is addressed to the Member States.
3.
Another controversial matter is the appointment of national reference centres, which were to be appointed by each Member State.
Religious wars replaced the bridge that had been there with a chasm, but in a way, that bridge is still there.
This is no longer a market economy, but a jungle economy.
I am in favour of such a tax, but I believe it needs to be at the global level, rather than European level, in order to be effective.
First of all, I would like to make it clear that the possible accession of Iceland to the Union is subject to the consent of the Icelandic people.
Both are deprived of the company of loved ones.
I will not insist on what, for me, is obviously a divisive issue at this stage.
Do we want people to be considered second-class citizens on grounds of their age, sexual orientation, religion or belief, or disability, or do we prefer a society in which everyone can participate fully?
If more time is given, then the moral of this story is that, if the EU makes a directive, it pays to ignore it.
In Romania, we have one of the fastest Internet speeds in Europe.
Nothing to do with the crisis at all.
The alternative proposal submitted by the Commission certainly represents a step forward, which we welcome, because at least five Member States with a GDP that has fallen by 10% since 2008 will receive a relatively large subsidy.
Development of a joint migration policy based on the classification of immigrants according to a scale of desirability, and in its most repressive form, the use of Frontex, violates migrants' rights and ignores the human tragedy taking place in many countries.
As with all candidates, negotiations will be based on the country's own merits and their pace will depend on Iceland's progress in meeting the requirements set out in the negotiating framework.
We cannot allow the United States to monopolise political crisis management in this region, our region, and confine ourselves to its development.
We are in the middle of an economic crisis in which we need to utilise all the talent we have if we are to create the necessary growth.
I do not know how much you can tell us of what is included in the negotiations, but does common sense not tell us that there should, at this point, be provision for operation and actions by Frontex?
First, there is the matter of implementing the agreement on visa facilitation between the EU and Russia.
This report contains concrete and pragmatic proposals, stemming from the demands on the ground, from the numerous stakeholders met and from citizens' expectations.
Thirdly, I would like to mention a point that is not directly connected with the agreements, but definitely relates to the subject, in other words, the debate in the Council as to whether we also need or should develop a European PNR system.
I would like to say a few words about cohesion policy.
MONUC plays a vital role, but its mandate and rules of engagement must be implemented with determination and on a permanent basis in order to guarantee the population's security more effectively.
The next normal step would be for this measure to be followed by the United States resolving the situation of the people currently being held in detention.
All this must be fully and transparently assessed, and then the derogation may or may not be abolished on that basis, and not on the basis of complaints from the Spanish fishing industry which, itself, fishes in Papua New Guinea but never lands fish there - and, by the way, does not pay customs duty when it sells the fish as European on the European market.
We urgently need to make progress in combating climate change.
The Commission has succeeded in spending the additional funding that we granted and in doing so usefully.
Furthermore, priority must be given to investments relating to education, vocational training and sustainable employment, and to the implementation of comprehensive programmes tailored to the small regions' individual needs.
We should not change the Members' statute at this point - we should instead undertake to take fewer business flights for short trips so that we actually apply environmental protection - which we repeatedly call for politically - to our own behaviour and our own Parliament.
I do not understand how people such as the representatives of the two groups that I mentioned, who have demonstrated their obvious euroscepticism, are refusing supranational control over the European Union.
They are to respect personal rights, they must not practice discrimination and, above all, they are obliged to report the truth.
I would very much like, once again, to call on the Commission to reiterate today the undertaking given to us in the Committee on Budgets - namely to refrain, in future, from tabling applications for the mobilisation of the Fund together, but instead to table them separately, as each case has a slightly different basis and the possibility of a complicated case delaying the approval of another case should be avoided.
In order to protect these rights in an appropriate way it should be ensured that all transfers of personal data from the EU and its Member States to third countries for security purposes are based on international agreements with the status of legislative acts.
This is a new proposal for an agreement on a European Directive on Consumer Rights, which is the culmination of tough negotiations between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
(Applause)
However, we are also not compromising on patient safety.
That is not the issue.
Just as I have done during the debates on combating poverty, I would like to stress the importance of achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Internet service SOLVIT has been in operation for eight years now and has succeeded in resolving 83% of complaints from citizens and enterprises caused by the incorrect application of European law in the Member States, and it has managed to do this within 10 days.
As far as the issue of State aid is concerned, no State aid has been negotiated so far, no state has been proposed and it is up to the Commission to assess finally whether State aid is being provided within the framework of the rules.
My group and I consider that you have fulfilled your duty with honour.
I hope that the international community, which sadly failed in its attempts to prevent genocide in Rwanda, Yugoslavia and Darfur, will, in this case, prevent it in the Western Sahara and we will not have to see it before another court, also in the Hague, but this time a war crimes tribunal.
There is one point that I feel the need to criticise, however, which is the voluntary buy-up programme for milk quotas.
Václav Klaus is the icon of the Czech transformation in the 1990s, and it is, I might add, thanks to him that we are successful today and that we have emerged safely from those first ten years.
By the end of this year, we will have carried out an in-depth examination of the implementation of the Act, to measure the progress made and identify new courses of action that also take into account the Europe 2020 priorities.
We support the draft resolution that is being debated today, not least because it asks all these questions relating to social impacts, environmental impacts and impacts on regional integration, and above all because, in paragraph 10, it calls for the aims of the trade agreements to be revisited, particularly in view of these social and environmental issues, and then above all because, by revisiting these agreements, we could perhaps think about reintegrating the trade aspect into the overall Barcelona Process.
Various foodstuffs have been analysed, but it has not been found.
It is because neither the topics nor individual issues can be separated if we want a serious discussion about European policy over the coming years.
However, we must not contrast this issue with the global trends in the persecution of Christians.
We have already started to use this, for instance, in the case of Greece.
Billions have flowed to weak Member States and, even at the time of its accession, Greece appeared to be manipulating the figures, but no, you were blind to that.
It is for this reason that I renew my appeal to create a genuine European civil protection force capable of being deployed rapidly and effectively following disasters of such seriousness.
If we want to gain acceptance among the people of Europe for the EU project, we need a break with radical free-market concepts and more direct democracy.
We will not succeed by reducing resources.
The old idea that markets were efficient and could regulate themselves is over, you said.
I would also pick up on Amendment 3 - as my colleague did - which deletes the attempt to reintroduce cumbersome and unworkable rules on the direct sale of fruit and vegetables to the consumer.
That is why the compromise setting a period of 70 years would be a good idea.
I am pleased to see that your government has decided to return to several fundamental points and to change the December 2001 law on the media.
However, they cannot learn off their own bat. We also need to give them the financial resources to do so.
However, it has become clear in the past that the EU often sets itself ambitious targets and then has problems in achieving them or misses them altogether.
Portugal is the sixth most energy-dependent country in the EU 27, so investment in 'clean tech' is of prime importance.
Not all dealers share the same interests.
It concerns the European Union and, because of the decisions taken, it concerns the euro area.
I am voting in favour of the report, as the mobilisation of the fund by the Netherlands is fully justified and all the criteria have been met.
In my view, its behaviour is sometimes rather too cowardly.
The European Parliament has welcomed the democratic opening announced by the Turkish Government.
The report by Mrs Ranner, whom I congratulate on account of her work, sheds light not only on the differences between fines in different Member States, but also on differences surrounding the types of penalty in highlighting the unsatisfactory nature of this situation for drivers and transport enterprises.
We must reduce the load being shouldered by Member States with low per capita incomes or whose budgets are facing financial difficulties, which also includes Romania.
in writing. - I have finally given my 'yes' to this complex resolution (RC7-0137/2010) on the Non-proliferation Treaty.
Secondly, much stronger socio-economic coordination is needed.
The European Council later this week will take stock of the situation in Japan in the aftermath of this tragedy.
There was also discussion about the role of the IMF.
(FR) Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, with the Copenhagen Summit less than two weeks away, concerns are growing as to the success of the negotiations on climate change.
Furthermore, the Seychelles are going to receive EUR 16.8 million that will promote and modernise the archipelago's fishing industry and foster local development.
It is not at all impossible to stick to the election.
Mr van Baalen and Mr Schmidt raised the issue of the Court of Auditors' recent report on Turkey.
Unfortunately, in a number of countries, both within the EU and beyond, the environment and environmental requirements are often not a priority when planning, building and operating installations that have a significant impact on the environment.
This will give us precise and valuable information for the discussions we will have and for the guidelines we will set on European tourism policy.
Without one single common currency, and in view of the volatility of markets, particularly in the failing eurozone economies, the UK faces the possibility of being tangled in a mire of harmonised credit ratings which would have to encompass all economic circumstances across the Union and could expose UK business and industry to hazardous ventures supported by EU-wide credit ratings.
A satisfactory margin for agricultural spending is especially important for dealing with unforeseen requirements in agricultural sectors, especially in light of price instability.
These are terrible situations caused by the crisis which is devastating us, the consequences of which can be seen in human faces and people's lives.
In the final event, however, membership is about sharing common values and following common rules.
The debate is closed.
According to the available information, the country is now ready to begin accession talks, as it has sufficiently fulfilled the necessary political criteria, achieving progress in the reform of public administration, the judiciary and police forces.
The current sales dynamic does not permit fluctuations in the cost of factors of production, including fuel, to impact on fish prices, and current import policy, inter alia, contributes to this.
Certainly we need to work out some sort of long-term division of labour between the two institutions and to make closer cooperation possible.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the Commission welcomes the Member's proposal.
I hope that you will accept the bet and then in four years' time we will discuss the next liberalisation step and we will actually talk about unbundling.
I believe it is highly relevant in the context of this report for us to discover exactly what is correct and to find out whether the Colombian authorities are actually planning to do anything about it.
Measures introduced to combat the crisis and to rehabilitate our damaged economies must not concentrate solely on the national and international but on the regional and local also.
Someone asked me a question about the global financial tax, about the tax on financial movements.
A key point is that it is essential to strengthen cooperation between Ukraine and the EU, especially in the area of energy.
Of course, we all agree that there is no turning back the clock and a commonly acceptable solution needs to be found quickly.
Therefore, let us not be counterproductive and let us not send women back home.
It is true that this is not a time when governments can contemplate hefty increases in their contributions to the Union budget, but neither can we avoid a debate on the long-term financial perspective.
In any case, Mr President, the Council's conclusions do not exactly incite optimism.
It was a 'no' to the Stability and Growth Pact and the capitalist policies that the European Union and the governments have been promoting without ever taking anything from capital, whilst facilitating increases to its income and profits.
It is important to stress that criminal sanctions against employers who use trafficked labour have a strong preventive effect, so these must be developed further.
(IT) Madam President, I wanted to raise a point of order, because as far as I understand, we have not voted on the Fava report.
We should also hear from the new Afghan Government about the many commitments it must make in areas such as combating corruption and drug trafficking.
Nevertheless, the President has the right to put the agenda to the vote again if a majority of the Members want this, so what I will do is exercise my discretion and ask you: would you like to vote to change the agenda for today?
Ireland will probably have a referendum on a clarified Treaty of Lisbon in the autumn of this year.
EC-Algeria Euro-Mediterranean Agreement (vote)
Thorough reform of the common agricultural policy is therefore necessary.
He said: 'A great victory is a great danger.
Communication of Council common positions: see Minutes
Madam President, I should also like to reiterate why these measures are necessary.
There can be no doubt that the restoration of the public finances of a Member State of the euro area is its responsibility.
Expenses for the purchase, upkeep and rental of buildings form one of the main administrative expense items of EU institutions.
The third maritime package also deals effectively with issues of the liability of carriers in relation to their passengers and the goods they carry.
2009 was a most challenging year for the ECB's monetary policy.
Lack of efficient healthcare!
As has already been said, in the immediate future, Kyrgyzstan needs stability and our political and financial support: let us not stint on either.
The Member States can play a part in this in order to underline their willingness to make savings.
(DE) Madam President, Mr Chastel, landmines will probably continue to be a major problem even far into the future.
It is particularly important that the regulation will apply to all regular domestic and cross-border transport, and Member States will be able to apply exemptions for regular services and some specific services for up to eight years.
The European added value of a macro-region will be particularly evident in the areas of the preservation of biodiversity and sustainable energy generation.
You are not going to destroy us any more.
Finally, we would also like to emphasise the fact that we are in favour of a review of the costs for MEPs travel allowances and other allowances.
The European Union is unworthy of its own citizens and of the citizens of the countries that wish to join it.
I entirely agree with the PPE Group that paragraph 9 is central.
I have one more question for the Commissioner.
The various Member States are investing enormous amounts of money in supporting the economy and employment.
I think we can be satisfied with the agreement that we have today.
As a result, those companies would no longer be tempted to engage in illegal activities.
This kind of compromise is always justifiable if it enables you to make progress and if it benefits the prosperity and wellbeing of our citizens.
In the end, Prime Minister Berisha, instead of trying to pronounce my name correctly in the Albanian Parliament, you must realise that European integration is at stake.
Under this convention, amendments normally become binding for us 80 days after adoption.
If sufficient financial resources are not available for these objectives, then the initiative will remain a dead letter.
We have seen this throughout history.
We are very willing for this to happen as soon as possible so that we can start the process of adopting them, again in conjunction with the Council and Parliament.
It is an ambitious yet concrete strategy which seeks to make Europe's digital market stronger in a global economy as well as connecting many Europeans to an open Internet.
The idea is to divert attention away from this fact.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
Finally, it is important that these European programmes receive the funding they need to be brought to fruition.
In my opinion, human failure played a significant if not a decisive role in Japan before the earthquake and the tsunami, when it came to improving safety and modernising the plant, and after the disaster with regard to keeping the damage to a minimum.
The proposal takes no account of this.
These numbers speak for themselves.
It is vitally important to aid employment and entrepreneurship during an economic crisis.
The overall political and economic context within which Parliament has been invited to approve the Cariforum EPAs and the interim EPA with Côte d'Ivoire is important, but Parliament has nevertheless asked the Council and the Commission for a number of concrete explanations.
Today Georgia is regarded as a country with a dynamically developing economy.
On 23 October 2006, there was a major demonstration with about 100 000 people in commemoration of the 1956 revolution.
We know the risks that these ships bring in areas such as this.
Member States need to promote those quality assurance systems which are already well known to European consumers.
Will the Commission's equal opportunities strategy affect women working in other EU institutions?
Ladies and gentlemen, more Members have not been able to speak than have had the opportunity to do so.
This is not a statistical matter.
I therefore very much welcome the fact that Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania are to be included in these regulations.
Businesses cannot compete with social and environmental dumping strategies implemented by some emerging economies such as China, where the cost of labour is extremely low and where there are no social safeguards and their associated costs or high standards of environmental protection.
The Agency should improve its annual work programme by including specific and measurable objectives both at policy area level and at operational activity level.
I am very glad that the majority among us is favourable to adding a new layer to our European democracy.
Pursuing this goal is, in my opinion, possible by increasing the funds intended for cohesion policy and facilitating greater control over project approval and over methods of investment.
The victims, the damage suffered and the need for reforestation do not have any understanding of bureaucracy or of budget shortages.
I strongly disagree with their approach but I cannot unilaterally breach a confidentiality commitment.
I am in favour of simplifying and adopting rules that will sufficiently guarantee food safety in the EU.
This is also essential for business.
However, I believe that this report plays a useful overall role in highlighting the crisis in the livestock sector within the EU.
In fact, the level of transnational coordination is relatively low in the EU, leading to fragmentation and limited sharing of knowledge and best practice among Member States; research into Alzheimer's disease is lagging behind that into other serious diseases in Europe.
Colleagues, could I ask you not to ask supplementary questions.
We have shown that Parliament must be taken seriously and that it makes sense to take Parliament seriously.
Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures allows Member States, if they so wish, to also charge road users for some external costs.
Such action requires not only the agreement of bordering countries but also of the countries from which future illegal immigrants will depart.
Creation of a Roma fingerprints database in Italy (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
The Commission will have this responsibility.
In fact, the Council is resisting some of the measures to reduce the burden.
It is because the intergovernmental method is not working.
Mr President, first of all, I should like to take this opportunity to thank President Barroso and Commissioner Šemeta for their decision to postpone the publication of the Commission's proposals on the future budgetary policy and on the updating of the financial perspective until the next six-month term.
The scope for investment in broadband in rural areas has been extended, and Member States will now have full flexibility in the choice between broadband and new challenges.
What are the European Commission and the European governments, led by the Spanish Government, saying?
I have voted in favour of this initiative as it is aimed at achieving better protection for consumer rights.
The single document summary of the specifications for geographical indications or the specifications themselves for traditional specialties are then published in the Official Journal of the European Union in order to allow objections to be made.
As Mrs McGuinness says, they may present their contribution in writing.
I think - as the philosophy of Mr Lehne's report shows - that a large part of this growth is to be found in the five million very small businesses in Europe, if we are happy to make their work easier.
There are approximately 10-12 million Roma in Europe, most of them European citizens, who suffer from systematic discrimination and who are victims of intolerance.
However, you avoided a detrimental institutional confrontation.
Lingering disputes have a negative effect on the business community and on end consumers on both shores of the Mediterranean.
For example, a toolkit on how to use the structural funds to support the development of community-based services will be developed for the managing authorities.
It is therefore right that the report should take into account features such as short breaks or the use of the Internet to book trips.
It drew a veil over the immense social challenge created by this crisis.
However, most important of all is that bilateral disputes be resolved by involvement of the parties.
I repeat that Greece has made great budgetary efforts, is not asking for anything today and has declared itself in agreement with this mechanism.
The country's media and judiciary are under his sovereign control, and he also has no hesitation in using them to crush the political opposition, as we saw in the recent fraudulent Presidential elections in December.
It seems obvious to me in the energy sector, and even more in terms of scarcity of resources and international tensions.
My own country, Scotland, has adopted the most ambitious climate change legislation in the world whilst the Scottish Government's recent collaboration with the government of the Maldives serves as a model for international agreement.
Mr President, there are three speakers from Ireland here this evening: Mrs Dodds, who has spoken;
This year's events in Alexandria are a reminder of the fact that the European Parliament called on the Egyptian Government a year ago to guarantee the Coptic Christians and the members of other religious communities and minorities the ability to exercise all human rights and fundamental freedoms - including the right to choose and change religion freely - and to prevent any discrimination against such groups.
To be specific, international ISO standards have already been included and incorporated into the ΕΜΑS.
Mr Nuttall says that this measure will increase the price of vehicles by EUR 5 000.
I also consider the consolidation of relations between Iran and Turkey, which assures the Union that it recognises shared values in an effort to obtain EU membership, while at the same time displaying open sympathy for the Iranian regime, to be a matter of concern for the EU.
I would first like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Rivellini, for his excellent work throughout the discharge process.
In light of that undeniable fact, would it not be madness to continue to pursue expansion to include even poorer, and undeniably burdensome, countries like Turkey which are not, by any stretch of the imagination, even European?
We agreed on this at our meeting of 16 January in Brussels.
That allows them to decide on the best way to distribute their products and protect their brand image.
By asking you to postpone the vote slightly, the PPE Group is not questioning Parliament's demands or authority.
I cannot fail to mention that we still have a hypocritical policy in Europe.
6.
Autism must be recognised as a separate disability among mental disabilities and specific strategies must be devised for it.
This is a fundamental step in the creation of European legislation on minimum procedural rights.
The first is that an overwhelming majority of this Parliament wants to bring about a quick ceasefire.
Of course, my thanks also go to the Ombudsman, Mr Diamandouros, for his thorough and complete annual report.
in writing. - Deputy Locatelli's report is part of the review of the Lisbon Strategy to make Europe's economy the most competitive in the world by 2010, and central to this is the position of researchers in Europe.
Organisations whose sole role is to help protect basic civic freedoms and human rights are being driven out by eviction notices, refusal of administrative permits and, in some places in Russia, the murder of their members.
That could be the case.
What we do want, however, is for the funds to be spent much more shrewdly, in a way that enables us to really achieve European added value.
This cannot be allowed to happen.
It should also be possible to allocate the proceeds of these charges to projects such as those which reduce air or even noise pollution.
This should be an important objective of the new EU 2020 strategy.
For a European Prime Minister to refer to the reaction to the latest unrest as 'genocide' is perhaps an exaggeration, but for the People's Republic to complain of interference in internal affairs betrays a world view which is touchingly antiquated.
- Madam President, this is a dreadful piece of legislation.
We should build on the work of the Arctic Council.
Now is the time to act and Parliament is extremely unhappy about this hold-up.
I hope that the message that comes out of this summit is that the EU and the US must cooperate in an unprecedented way on reforming their markets and financial institutions, learning from the errors of the recent economic and financial crisis, and creating the conditions for recovery and job creation.
Those companies that carry out cross-border trade, in particular, would be put at a disadvantage.
I read in the action plan that the Commission will create an instrument in 2011 to evaluate national asylum systems, so that it can provide better assistance to the Member States in terms of each one's capabilities and needs.
This is counterbalanced, however, by Parliament's introduction of the regulation of nanoparticles and thus the application of the precautionary principle.
We believe it is possible, with the current treaties, to do much more in terms of surveillance of the euro area and of the economic and monetary union if there is indeed a willingness on the part of the Member States to cooperate and respect the treaties.
The history of international trade proves that the trend for monoculture is not a viable or sustainable economic development model.
The authorities and successive elections which they organised were supported by the army.
I particularly regret that Amendment 37 was rejected, as I think it reflected, very fairly, many of the concerns of this House.
I think that we should discuss all this further and achieve our aim.
ENISA was created in 2004 with an initial period of five years, and was aimed at supporting the functioning of the internal market by controlling network security and ensuring the flow of information within the EU.
I therefore voted against this report on the 2012 budget.
The protection of privacy and the protection of personal data must remain a pillar of European legislation, which will not be undermined by international legal agreements.
However, despite the continued improvement in knowledge and the progress in terms of treatment, the fight against cancer is still, today, an ongoing challenge.
The mechanism should now be brought as close as possible to EU institutions.
This is a matter of cooperation with authorities and governments, and also with civil society.
It is an important step out of the morass in which we find ourselves at this time.
In the past years, the Member States have been hit by a considerable number of catastrophes, as demonstrated by the 62 requests to mobilise the Solidarity Fund, made by a total of 21 countries, in only its first six years of existence.
I welcome the fact that the Commission has initiated the implementation of stress tests at European Union nuclear power plants, but such checks must become systematic and continuous, not random, in order to reduce the chance of accidents as much as possible.
For instance, in the case of Roma, they should not be subjugated by their own aristocracy, but we should be able to foster an activity that is based on true partnership and a willingness to help.
I hope, too, that Parliament will have the courage to clarify that tax-funded education is there for everyone.
The other Member States must therefore be allowed to respond to this breakdown by restoring temporary and strictly regulated border controls.
Financial support to Member States (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
By adopting this report, however, we have stressed the need for a stronger commitment to environmental protection in forest policy.
I think it is a good thing that, amidst the commotion that has preceded this debate and to some extent surrounds it now.
I saw this in India on a delegation visit and it is very important that we invest more in water management and make sure that it does not become an impediment to the educational progress of young girls and women.
The Member States are making efforts to reduce their spending; at European level too, we need to be able to target the financial resources available to us towards genuine priorities and added value for Europe.
We have serious doubts as to whether this mechanism will be enough to protect small producers or small and medium-sized enterprises, which will find it very difficult to stay afloat in a liberalised market; to prevent the decimation of their production capacity and, consequently, the loss of many jobs.
I therefore think it important to establish that the term 'the sexual and reproductive health of women' is not in the context of abortion and I am therefore proposing a clarification to that effect in the text of the agreement.
There is a challenging facing Lampedusa and Malta.
That is actually how this question should be put.
The fact that their foreign counterparts do not work under the same regulations gives overseas exporters an unfair competitive advantage.
That being the case, in my view, it is incomprehensible to send a country like this the message that it has a right to enrich uranium.
This is the added value which the European Commission can provide at the present time.
Can I ask you, within the next year, to look at Mr Tajani's paper, look at Mr Barnier's paper and assure us that this is the right thing to do?
I would like to say a few words in relation to these three reports, which are all part of the same package, which includes the reports by Mr von Wogau and Mr Saryusz-Wolski.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (LV) Thank you, Mr President.
This sends out an important message.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, let me first join you in paying tribute to Jean Monnet.
It has therefore become necessary to establish an international agreement for pursuing the objectives of the Water Framework Directive, namely protecting biodiversity and the ecosystem services of this area.
Subject: Humanitarian aid for Libya
(SK) Mr President, the Danube strategy will amount to mere empty words unless it is implemented along with funding.
Since then Mr Mizsei has been trying hard to initiate political talks between the various Moldovan parties.
It should be noted that the Court of Auditors identified a surplus of EUR 57 600 000 in the budget outturn account, which represents 38% of the accrued revenue, and part of that surplus was carried over to the 2009 financial year.
It is the providers of the feed to those who are producing the food that are responsible.
I am also rather perplexed as to why this proposal only refers to dogs, cats and ferrets, and I would also make the observation that a certain Screaming Lord Sutch proposed this 25 years ago and he must be looking down very pleased today.
As the rapporteur recommends, it is now time to develop a European judicial culture alongside the national judicial cultures.
Surely we are not going to allow the will of two Heads of State to jeopardise one of Europe's greatest achievements.
Liechtenstein has been steadily integrating into the European trade area since its accession to the European Economic Area (EEA) in 1995.
Between February and November 2009, 2 330 workers were made redundant in the Catalonia region alone, with 75% of them being men and nearly 25% of them over the age of 55.
(DE) Mr President, I would like to ask why the Member who is sitting in seat number 56 has voted simultaneously for 56 and 57.
According to the Commission Communication on a Digital Agenda for Europe, Europe is still a patchwork of national online markets, and Europeans are prevented from enjoying the benefits of a digital single market by solvable problems such as the lack of investment in networks.
It is time for strong action to protect the reformers and human rights defenders who are risking their lives for freedom.
This directive is a very important step towards combating the scale of this terrible crime, laying down more severe penalties and sanctions, and further enhancing prevention and victim protection.
Crystal-clear support from the Commission and the Council on this issue is absolutely vital.
The demonstrations organised by the opposition against election fraud were mercilessly crushed by the security forces.
It must, however, remove all the barriers to regional and national measures, enable effective coordination of these measures, improve cross-border payment of charges and provide professional drivers with better information on what measures to expect outside the area where they live.
At present, Parliament can only have its say once the negotiations have ended, which leaves it no other option than to either approve these agreements or reject their ratification, thus leaving it very little room for manoeuvre.
Mr President, on behalf of the ALDE Group, I wish to propose an oral amendment to Amendment 2.
The European Union has a very clear position that human rights and fundamental freedoms should not be violated on any grounds, and, of course, in favour of the fight against terrorism and the need to work together with the United States.
Finally, EU programmes to support education, training and youth, including mobility programmes such as Erasmus, can help young people to improve their chances in the labour market by gaining valuable international experience and by developing their intellectual understanding.
The fathers need to do the same and we need to encourage them and change the paternal pattern and create the conditions where fathers can also bond with their newborn babies.
- Mr President, first of all I would like to salute the efforts made by Gilad Shalit's family to seek his release, which we wholeheartedly support.
We will have to act together, just as we have done many times in the past, and we must not forget that the key to success is the principle of European solidarity.
A stronger naval presence in the region may have a positive influence on the security environment in Somalia and, consequently, in the region as a whole.
Mr President, honourable Members, I am very grateful that you have given me the opportunity today to comment on the situation in the European car industry in order to inform you of a number of aspects of our European response to the crisis and of the developments in relation to the General Motors Group.
These include five Portuguese surface long-liners.
Despite this, the responsible bodies in Sri Lanka have not held to account the people responsible for serious violations of humanitarian law, two years after the end of the war.
I voted in favour of this report, as I believe that establishing a long-term plan will address the need to rationalise the exploitation of this resource, ensuring the long-term sustainability of the fishery while mitigating the risk that the anchovy stock will collapse.
The car industry is one of the industries that has been hardest hit.
This aspect, in particular, is an element I find to be missing from this report.
That is why I want to reiterate my willingness to work together to advance European parliamentary democracy.
For six months, we have been suggesting that you make use of Article 122 of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Some of our neighbours, such as Switzerland, have postponed the planning process for new nuclear power plants.
in writing. - I voted for this report on the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the EC and Moldova.
The agreement marks an important phase in the process of opening the market. At the same time, it will help create new air routes and develop new opportunities for investors on both sides of the Atlantic, in terms of both the development of new investments and the introduction of new services for European and Canadian citizens.
Our struggle for freedom of information and expression, the rights of journalists and other media professionals, for universal access to information and guaranteed pluralism in the media cannot be used to provide cover for partisan schemes whose prime objective is the European Parliament's interference in countries' internal affairs, through the use of double standards, depending on which political entity has an interest in a particular issue.
However, after submitting the form, victims receive a letter demanding payment of EUR 1 000 per year for three consecutive years.
I believe that these proposals, as detailed as they sometimes are, are based on a flawed philosophy, that is, on the assumption that the recession is over, that a recovery is taking place and that we do not need additional Community policies in order to come out of the crisis.
I am not sure that the rules are good enough, even those in the new Toys Directive.
In 2009, the composition of expert groups was fully disclosed in the register.
The European Parliament is completely left out, and yet its agreement is an essential precondition for the agreement to come into effect.
In other words, on the basis of this calculation, between EUR 180 and 450 million has been incorrectly spent.
There are an estimated seven million people across the EU with dementia, some 70 000 in Scotland - and these figures are expected to rise in the future.
As a result, money will be invested sensibly and efficiently, as it has been until now.
I believe that it was agreed that there would be a commissioner responsible for this subject.
Almost every change in recent years has taken place in a global context.
The Council has yet to adopt a position in this respect; it will only adopt formal decisions on the basis of the legislative proposals it receives from the Commission in 2011, and it will do so in accordance with the rules on the ordinary legislative procedure.
We have praised countries with a tradition and culture of strong social partnership.
Do you not envisage some sort of proposals here, given that large corporations and small and medium-sized enterprises do not enjoy equal conditions?
We discussed the SET Plan for a long time.
This problem is apparent yet again in the Audy report and, what is more, it involves yet another unresolved issue, namely, the imbalance in EU funding.
rapporteur. - Mr President, just briefly, I was very honoured to be a rapporteur when we had the chance to repeal, instead of adopting, a piece of legislation.
I saw that the rapporteur assigned major projects to the European Investment Bank, leaving activities relating to smaller enterprises to the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
The third requirement is to intensify the peace process.
I would like to emphasise once again, particularly regarding energy efficiency and renovation of buildings, that this is a very good instrument.
ITCs allow efficiency, helping towards sustainable growth, and so contribute to the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy.
What is needed then?
Otherwise, it will be highly problematic.
Let me make this very clear.
We will then be able to rectify any shortcomings that stand out as functioning less well or as being less effective.
The External Action Service should coordinate the work of different Directorates-General and create a Directorate-General for cultural and digital diplomacy.
I would appreciate a response from you.
There are winners in this kind of policy, but there are also many losers.
Therefore, I would ask for this to be borne in mind, before anyone in this Chamber votes in favour of this harmful document.
Thank you for your attention.
As an MEP from Poland, I would also like to express my strong belief that the Polish Presidency of the European Council will be one which engages in a serious and extremely realistic debate.
I will not dwell on each and every aspect, but let me highlight just a few specific points on how we have found the proper safeguards in areas that I know are important to this House.
The scandals that have been brought to light over recent months highlight the fact that Parliament's rules are also inadequate.
We need EU-level powers of decision and action on major issues, but we also need the honesty without which mutual trust is impossible.
I hope in my response I have covered as many of the issues as possible.
(Interjection from Avril Doyle: 'That is because they thought we would not reach Question 10!)
That is clearly the crucial question.
Lesbians and gay men are ordinary men and women made extraordinary by extremists' preoccupation with our sex lives and the defamation that lesbians and gay men are a threat to society.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - Mr President, the most fundamental weakness of the proposed stress tests has now been referred to. It is the possibility of widespread sovereignty faults.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, after Mr Schulz has spoken, we will give the floor to the Minister for the final response and we will close the debate.
Here, too, from the positions of both members of the Commission, I infer that the Commission is thinking along similar lines and that makes me very optimistic.
Over the 10 years I have sat in this Chamber, I did wonder how we were going to get there when we were passing regulation after regulation that was stifling business and opportunity and, indeed, encouraging business to move away from the continent of Europe.
The report adopted today proposes that the new European Union strategy for Afghanistan should be based on four key factors: full support for peace negotiations between the Karzai government, the Taliban and other insurgent groups; an extensive training plan for the Afghan police; the elimination of opium crops; and halting the international aid scandal, in which 80% of aid disappears during the journey from donor countries to Afghanistan.
After the climate, energy and food crises, the international financial crisis, which has resulted in a widespread social crisis, simply adds the demand for strong rules to ensure that the global economy is better integrated and does not develop to the detriment of society.
I am certain that, already today, we will see the first important step towards a European solution, with or without the International Monetary Fund.
Although it would have been wonderful, I assume that we will not manage this by 1 August, because some national parliaments are already in recess.
(ES) Mr President, I naturally voted against the Auken report, and I should like to state here that the report that has been adopted goes against the letter of the law.
I would like to take this opportunity to announce that I am also submitting a written statement which can be signed starting from the next sitting.
Proper application of the instruments that already exist may provide a framework for protecting them.
Therefore, the Council and the Commission must urge the IMF to come to Moldova's assistance as quickly as possible without immediately demanding social austerity.
I want to mention here that DHA is an omega 3 fatty acid which is present in breast milk and has a positive effect on children's eyesight.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I think this has been a very rich debate.
Mr President, as the permanent rapporteur of the European Parliament for the European Union's cooperation with Georgia, as well as the rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs on Mrs Griesbeck's reports, I would like to say a few words about these two agreements - the agreement on readmission and the agreement on visa facilitation between the European Union and Georgia.
The vote will take place during the next part-session.
Many will never be able to return.
This is also the one and only way of protecting the fishermen's livelihood in the medium and long terms.
It is high time, then, that the Commission looked into the activity of these firms and imposed some standards of behaviour towards the large mass of honest citizens.
With regard to the issue of the abuse of elderly people in particular, Council Directive 2000/78/EC already prohibits discrimination in the workplace on account of age.
Therefore, when I hear one of your colleagues, Commissioner - Commissioner De Gucht - say that the Commission does not even have access to the business plan, I find this absurd.
I would not be surprised, at the moment, if the decision that has been taken to ban the opposition parties were to result in a genuine civil confrontation.
In the MPs expenses scandal now engulfing the House of Commons, only one MP's expense records have unaccountably gone missing.
(PT) Mr President, the international background to this conference is not favourable: there is the global economic crisis, the political and administrative uncertainty in the US, and the stalemate in the US-China negotiations.
The release of political prisoners a year ago was the first sign of the Lukashenko regime's willingness to meet the demands of the EU and engage in serious dialogue.
I am, however, quite optimistic.
At the same Council meeting, ministers agreed that employment is an important factor for the avoidance of exclusion.
According to the European Committee for Standardisation, the construction sector is one of Europe's biggest industries, accounting for 10% of GDP and 50.5% of gross fixed capital.
Commissioner, you said at the end of your contribution that you have heard our concerns and you are responding to them.
Yes, we have witnessed a transformation in Northern Ireland in recent years, but there are still those who would seek to cause bloodshed.
We have to break the dictatorship of the market.
I do not always agree with my Prime Minister, JeanClaude Juncker, but he is certainly correct when he predicts, and I quote, 'a social crisis in the event of a steep rise in unemployment, expected in the coming months'.
After all, when faced with global challenges and the emergence of new competitors on the world market, we need greater union and greater commonality.
This explains the importance of CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species) and it is why the conference next month in Doha is so important.
This will be a very complicated thing.
However, the Commission is aware that important data gaps still exist and that three Member States did not reply at all while six Member States have only provided partial data.
On banking, we need to deploy the London and Pittsburgh commitments for better and more capital and stricter prudential rules consistently among financial centres.
Finally, I would like to mention two other areas where EU policy can make a contribution: research and rural development policy.
But now, when there is very little in intervention - and we are hearing now that we have to buy in food even from outwith the EU and use the CAP budget to store and distribute this food - this surely is becoming something that should be better handled by Member States' social policy.
Signature of the economic agreement is still under negotiation and the priorities of both parties must be included in the final document.
Each island, each territory has its own specific character, identity and problems.
After all, Southern Sudan has recently left behind it 23 years of civil warfare with the Arab north, in which 2.5 million people were killed and more than 4 million driven out.
We are pleased that it supports the essential aspects of the Commission proposal, which is intended to be an important building block in the development of a comprehensive European legal and regulatory safety system at the highest possible level.
We need better control of our external borders, we need more security, we need biometric data, and we need alerts to be interlinked.
It is extremely important for us to intervene quickly when the management and implementation mechanisms for EU funds are not operating very well.
We must not allow his visit next week to pull the wool over our eyes.
Rather than quarrelling over statistics, evidence and research, now is the time we need to be dealing with the impact of climate change at a global level by means of real action.
Four proposals relate to fiscal matters, including a reform of the Stability and Growth Pact, while the two new regulations try to identify and resolve macroeconomic imbalances emerging within the EU and the euro area.
In this matter, it was not possible to vote otherwise than 'for'.
I have long advocated a carrot-and-stick approach whereby President Lukashenko's efforts at democratic reform and openness should be recognised and rewarded by closer ties to the European Union.
In 2005, on behalf of the Governing Council, I said that we were not satisfied at all by what was, at the time, the position of the Council, and what was finally accepted.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, it is not only because of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women that, when we consider a resolution on this matter, we should ask whether we have done enough.
However, the judgment of the constitutional court also makes up another part of the picture and this prevents members of the armed forces from being brought before civilian courts.
Listening to the Communist fellow Member who says that the speeches made here may result in the overthrow of a regime, I am pleased, and I would like the dictatorial regimes in Belarus, Zimbabwe and everywhere where people suffer under such regimes to fall because of what is said in this Chamber.
Therefore, this no longer really concerns the bare figures; it concerns the financial markets which, due to the fact that we, ourselves, are not exuding sufficient cohesion, confidence and solidarity, are pouncing on Greece.
Current events in the region highlight once again the importance of transparency in the business of government and of the democratic responsibility of governments to the citizens they represent.
We also voted for an examination of the system of the EU's own resources, including a tax on financial transactions.
President Barack Obama broke off his holidays over Christmas to speak out against yet more brutal attacks on citizens after Ashura.
The possibility of systematically having working meetings before each of the institutions produces legislative and regulatory material will surely promote joint working, the reconciliation of ideas, projects and perspectives and the improvement of draft decisions.
Mr Batten has left the Chamber.
What the Coreper is discussing in cooperation with the Council, the Commission and with Members of the European Parliament - Mr Brok and others, and I personally have also had several discussions with Mr Buzek in order to try to keep Parliament informed - is the general framework and the tasks of the External Action Service.
I will say it once again: this is a matter of urgency.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, no one is disputing that Moldova has a long way to go before it achieves its ultimate goal of joining the European Union, which is a goal that my group, the ECR, supports.
Climate protection is on the agenda, but we are not seeing a move away from coal-powered generation of electricity or from nuclear power.
We must break the silence which exists in this Chamber regarding this matter.
That is eight per cent more than in 2004, and it is above the average for Europe.
This is really an investment, and its nature therefore probably also responds to some of the calls by those who are now demonstrating outside Parliament and the Berlaymont building.
We live in times when there are increasing numbers of cross-border purchases and contracts.
The integrity of sport is also something that the European Parliament thinks is worth protecting, especially now that, with the Treaty of Lisbon, we have the competence to attend to this issue.
The use of lead, magnesium, mercury and rare-earth metals in electronics and industrial technology is unavoidable.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the waste disposal plan drawn up must be implemented in such a way as to provide for separate collection, recycling and, only in the last instance, incineration.
Let me also call on the leader of the Socialist Party, Mr Rama, to ensure that his party is a truly constructive opposition - one which enjoys the benefits but also the responsibilities of this inclusive political environment we wish to see in Albania.
Even in times of crisis let us fight for equal conditions in equivalent situations! The report takes account of this and I therefore support its adoption.
(NL) Mr President, Mr Belder's report is a very good one, as it is both realistic and pragmatic.
I believe that the small and medium-sized enterprises package contained some of these elements.
The circumstances in which the 2010 and 2011 budgets will be adopted are exceptional and pose a particular challenge.
We discussed fairly extensively just yesterday and the day before yesterday the issue of solidarity between new and old Member States.
So I would very much welcome a broader agreement which unites the colegislators, together with the Commission, on a set of principles for interinstitutional cooperation.
The last point, and the number one priority for Member States who recently joined, is the expansion of the euro area.
Equal treatment between men and women engaged in an activity in a self-employed capacity (debate)
We share the view that the crisis is serious and must be tackled.
The Commission's original proposal has even been tightened up, as capacity reserves must guarantee adequate quality for international facilitated freight traffic paths.
Developing countries do not have the resources to combat climate change that we have in Europe.
For instance, in terms of this objective, several cooperation agreements were recently concluded or renewed in my country as well.
Think, for example, of the recent case with Sri Lanka.
That is why, ladies and gentlemen, I am asking you to consider three courses of action.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (announcement of motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, year after year over the last 16 years, the auditors have been refusing to clear 90% or more of the budget, and this year is no exception.
(EL) Madam President, we are debating two very important issues here today.
Moreover, the delay in investment in the rail sector is doing enormous damage to the implementation of the TEN-T network.
I also wish to emphasise the positive nature of the proposed penalties, particularly a prison term of up to 10 years and the possibility of 'seizing the assets' of the criminal, as well as of the Council proposal which urges Member States to use the seized assets for the purpose of assisting and protecting the victims, including compensating them.
Thank you Mr President and thank you first and foremost members of the European Parliament for the constructive and interesting discussion.
I will cut everyone off after one minute.
In 2005, the Republic of Croatia asked to participate in the activities of the EMCDDA.
in writing. - (FR) I voted against Mrs Vălean's report because it calls for liberalisation of the energy sector and a liberal European energy policy, and we all know what tragic consequences that would have for workers in the sector and for more and more of our citizens, who might even experience regular power cuts.
Domestic workers are often penalised for the informal nature of their work.
These measures are designed to obviate the possibility that evidence is being obtained in breach of the fundamental rights of suspects.
During the conciliation meeting of 18 November, an agreement was reached by Parliament, the Council and the Commission on financing for the second year (2010) of the EERP, to the sum of EUR 2.4 billion.
We will register and authorise all funds.
I can only agree with his view that social dialogue is, at this particular time, more important than ever.
We are not starting from scratch here.
Tabling deadlines: see Minutes
However, the issue is that the shortage of certain agricultural products, Commissioner, may to a large extent be ascribed to the misguided agricultural policy of the European Commission, which has long discriminated against the new Member States and their famers through its subsidy policy.
They must be adequately protected.
For example, we should pay special attention to border regions.
Madam President, prior to the decision to adopt the Treaty of Lisbon, politicians spoke warmly of the opportunity that citizens' initiatives would bring.
Let me conclude by focusing on the motion for a resolution on the European integration process of Serbia as a well-prepared contribution to today's political debate.
I hope that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
They will see that here was a directive born and bred in the early 1990s when the Socialists were the largest party in this House and when the Left was running the majority of Member State governments; that here was a directive which, however well intentioned, reflects the standard Socialist dogma that people cannot be relied upon to make their own choices about their own work/life balance, that politicians always know best and that, of course, European politicians know best of all; that here was a directive on working time that has simply never worked.
For that reason, Commissioner, I am extremely pleased to see that you have in any case already received a thousand draft notifications setting out amendments made by the Member States to their national laws.
It is a problem of reality.
3.
the report by Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a long-term plan for the anchovy stock in the Bay of Biscay and the fisheries exploiting that stock - C7-0157/2009 -,
Of this, 20% is represented by Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) and 5% by safety applications, including transport safety applications.
It should be stressed that the aim of this document is absolutely not to encourage cross-border healthcare as such, but to ensure its availability, safety and quality when it is of use or necessary.
I especially welcome the compromises that have been reached as a result of our debates in committee.
This will be another opportunity for the Council to reaffirm its commitment to ensuring that our older citizens can live active lives and age with dignity.
As well as support for the companies I have mentioned, the European Investment Bank should also continue devoting significant attention to funding the development of a sustainable, competitive and secure energy infrastructure and a harmonious transport sector infrastructure.
Name calling, scaremongering and creeping bureaucracy is calculated and megalomaniac.
Nonetheless, this mobility should take place with financial resources that measure up to ambitions and with the removal of the practical obstacles to this mobility.
In the Congo, you see one of the answers.
We wish to express once more our condolences to the numerous victims, and we hope that Europe is able to help bring relief as soon as possible.
I welcome the introduction of performance targets for Air Traffic Management which should provide a more efficient aviation network to safeguard environmental and economic progress.
The consolidated tax base is therefore, in our view, the prerequisite for the introduction - in line with what we are doing for VAT - of a progressive harmonisation of tax rates for companies, beginning with the setting of minimum thresholds.
The person responsible for the comments has been freed, while the person responsible for the website has not yet been freed.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Casa, whom I congratulate on the work and collaboration within the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
That is the right response to moves made by Russia, which considers it necessary to renew discussions on common security in the Euro-Atlantic area.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it would not be an exaggeration to say that this is an historic time in the process of Europe-building.
The credit crunch is having a particularly tough impact on the small and medium-sized enterprise sector, which provides the majority of jobs and is sacking employees in huge numbers as a result of the contraction of export markets and reduction in development opportunities.
The third and fourth Geneva Conventions state clearly that such acts fall far below the standards of international law and render the perpetrator liable in the eyes of the international community.
We have in fact offered Japan our nuclear expertise in what is an extremely difficult and worrying situation for that country, and also for the international community at large.
Securing the incomes of farmers and an adequate supply of good quality food must therefore be key goals of the common agricultural policy.
While not specifically referring to the use of mobile phones, legal provisions in domestic legislation state that drivers must be fully concentrated on driving.
This is something of which we have often reminded ourselves, with one voice, because we are aware that solidarity and responsibility will enable us to make the European political project practicable for everyone.
Pay differences between men and women begin, according to the Commission's own pay statistics, when children come along.
I have learned a lot here today.
I would emphasise to the House that the threat of terrorism is still as real as it was in all of the EU countries.
I think that this fundamental right deserves more investment than what has emerged in these texts - texts which have all missed the point.
Finally, I would like to welcome the particularly constructive proposals on setting up transatlantic consultation bodies, including for foreign and security policy.
We have to establish indicators that reflect the capacity of innovation to generate growth, employment and an increase in GDP, and which allow us to compare our situation, in terms of intensity, with the economies of our competitor countries.
As we have a new Commissioner here, I would like to say to him that it must be possible to practise agriculture everywhere in Europe.
I also want to say that I do not consider a flotilla to be the right response to the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
It is important to consolidate the enormous potential for economic development and job creation that the European internal market for services represents, as it constitutes an essential step towards a real internal market for services, which should enable businesses and, in particular, SMEs, to provide citizens with better quality services at competitive prices throughout the entire internal market.
The latest science tells us we need to be reducing emissions by around 9% year on year.
Yet the development of technology is too slow and its diffusion, especially to developing countries, is particularly slow.
The financial transaction tax is a good idea as a basis, but I believe that going ahead with it without global application would, in the words of Nigel Farage, be kamikaze economics.
Then we would all be talking about the same subject and this would be helpful in establishing that we really are speaking about the same thing.
The same applies to the assessment of energy efficiency.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let us safeguard the sea and lands of each and every country of Europe so that they remain uncontaminated.
I am informed that they are making available additional capacity for testing so that this is done and finished in the shortest possible time.
Last but not least, religious authorities are called on to promote tolerance and adopt initiatives against hatred, violent radicalisation and extremism.
I therefore abstained from voting on this report.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Striffler for raising this matter at today's sitting, and Mrs Georgieva and Mr Piebalgs for their statements.
The amendment to the regulation is, in that sense, necessary and timely.
Let us not think that nothing can be done about these tragedies.
I am grateful to Parliament for sharing this ambition, as it will mean, in particular, that advances are paid to the Member States for May.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the revised Hungarian constitution.
The disaster that Mrs Băsescu just mentioned contaminated the Danube at the time and shocked us all, and you know that I campaign strongly for the Danube region.
The Commission services are increasingly applying common standards for control methods, ensuring improved coordination and sharing of the results.
In particular, I applaud the fact that the framework agreement clarifies the points relating to the political responsibility of both institutions, the circulation of information, external relations, enlargement and international agreements, the implementation of the budget, the political and legislative programme of the Commission and the European Union's multiannual programme, the legislative competence of the Commission and the exercise of its specific powers, monitoring the implementation of EU law and the participation of the Commission in the work of Parliament.
The need to flee the country is further reinforced by the fact that no consideration is given to the regional majority peoples.
Examining the key points of the new strategy, we cannot really see any specific innovations.
We can see today that Member States with well-functioning rules for maternity leave also have a high rate of women in employment.
In the negotiations on Parliament's budget for 2012, we fought to significantly reduce the original proposal of 5.7%.
This market is a particularly important part of the EU economy and has huge potential, but procurement rules and principles vary across the Member States and prevent companies, particularly small ones, from gaining access to cross-border procurement.
Levels of educational attainment have a direct influence on the employment opportunities of young people and therefore also on their social inclusion and despite the current economic crisis we must not allow this potential to be wasted.
Parliament and my committee are indeed determined to play their role, all the more so when we have been ahead in the thinking all the way along.
What is happening here to inform people who need to fly?
Utilisation of these democratic means must not be dependent on the possession of large financial resources.
Moreover, the Council adopted in November 2008 a set of conclusions in response to the Commission communication of January 2008 on creative content online in the single market, highlighting, amongst other things, the need to promote and facilitate legitimate online offers of copyright-protected material as an important means of effectively fighting piracy.
Linking the CAP and rural development funding represents a simplification of the budgetary arrangements in appearance only.
Opening of the sitting
It is true that there have been rather pessimistic views expressed here today.
The Union should take a more active and more responsible approach, not only in Azerbaijan, but also in the whole region.
I am also satisfied that the terms of the agreement are virtually identical to those signed previously, except for a few technical amendments.
The directive shows our desire to harmonise the regulations currently in force in the different legal systems in a much more incisive way, avoiding the legal fragmentation that unfortunately has very often ended up being a hindrance both to undertakings - whose aim is to be able to be competitive on the cross-border market - and to consumers.
The Mistral warship is clearly offensive in nature and it is indeed very alarming that some EU Member States are engaging in arms sales to third countries which might have very negative consequences for the security of other EU Member States or the EU's neighbours.
Rather, it is about creating a robust architecture that genuinely creates foreseeable and extended initiatives for developing countries in the long term.
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents after consulting the political groups at its meeting of Thursday, 20 January 2011 pursuant to Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed.
As construction is one of the sectors where the mutual recognition principle is most often breached, I welcome the proposed regulation on the marketing of construction products.
It is also important to see this injection of money as a one-off.
For that reason, the Commission needs to provide information as to the actual costs relating to its proposal to focus efforts, and I do not think that the refusal that I have just heard from the Commission is acceptable.
What will happen then?
The average reduction in CO2 emissions over 2002-2007 for light commercial vehicles amounted to 0.4-0.5% per year, and these improvements in fuel efficiency have been offset by the increase in demand for transport and vehicle size.
I hope that this type of problem, which is a result of over-implementation rather than under-implementation, will also be addressed in the report that is provided for in Article 16(4) of the Services Directive and that is required to have been produced before the end of the year.
It urges the Commission to draw up an action plan, designed to accompany the implementation of a European initiative on minimum income in the Member States.
Moreover, I think it is essential that we should move forward in the spirit of social, economic, decent and transparent integration, once and for all.
We hope that they will be able to be adopted by the end of the parliamentary term, and this, in particular, thanks to the commitment made by the Czech Presidency.
However, we cannot stand here today and say that it was wrong to focus our growth policy on employment and economic activity.
It seeks to expand the role of the European Commission and of the extremely Atlanticist Baroness Ashton in the field of defence.
This will create a sense of foreboding among all employers whenever they have to employ somebody.
The leaders of Albania must act now for the benefit of their people.
We must curb industrial, pillaging fishing techniques.
(PL) Mr President, I do not have much time, so I would like just to underline one of the themes of Mr Cadec's report.
It undermines the peace settlement of Europe.
These include the emergence of new economic powers, the development of technologies, climate change, carbon management and renewable energies.
On the other hand, however, human health must be protected from diseases transmitted by animals (whether wild animals, pets, or animals for human consumption), and this requires scientific research to show us how to better regulate and protect public health.
It does not even provide for the obligation of protecting public services against all private investment.
It is a very bad thing that many of the leading members of a party that was democratically elected to the Turkish Parliament have been arrested.
Subject: Coordination of the EU's position in Cancún
Several EU delegations have organised Open Door days to mark the 10th anniversary of resolution 1325 and to meet local women's groups, such as those in Kosovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Iraq, for example.
Firstly, we need to increase the mobility of European citizens through the mutual recognition of professional qualifications, professional identity cards, the European skills passport and the regular measurement of mobility within the EU.
Studies have shown that the profits from trafficking in human beings exceed those from drug smuggling and dealing.
As the rapporteur emphasises, the appointment of a key organ donation person in hospitals is probably the key factor in improving arrangements in this area.
I voted in favour of this report because, since the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGAF) is an instrument to respond to a specific European crisis caused by globalisation, this applies to the current situation.
As you know, I myself am generally very much in favour of this provision, which will enable your Parliament to act as a colegislator in most of the issues relating to justice, freedom and security.
We need bold democrats and in this new period we urgently need an exciting, democratic and genuinely effective Europe.
This is why our sincere support for the reforms in Turkey will also encourage the EU's fundamental values to be upheld, with one of the most important of these being respect for ethnic and religious differences and diversity.
A further important point also rightly emphasised in the report is the increased involvement of civil society in the design and monitoring process with regard to the ENPI.
(HU) According to biblical wisdom, good trees yield good fruit and bad trees yield bad fruit.
Falsified medicinal products are a global problem, and should be examined in a global context.
We have come to a good conclusion which will result in a reduction in the costs of using mobile phones.
All policies must therefore be adopted a considerable time in advance, so that we can give everyone enough time to prepare during the implementation phase.
However, a note of caution: the idea that Member States should no longer have to cofinance projects with any of their own money seems a high-risk policy.
Increased access to quality information will contribute to achieving better health outcomes for patients as better informed patients are more likely to continue necessary treatments and better understand decisions related to their treatment.
There is one final matter: I think a certain institutional problem should be noted.
6.
It is interesting, for example, that the European Parliament's main library is in Luxembourg, where no one can access it, because the Members rotate between Brussels, Strasbourg and their home seats.
The Union's cohesion policy has shown itself to be essential to reducing development disparities between the various European regions.
(CS) Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I will continue with the Czech theme that has been set in motion here.
Are you prepared to say in your reply a little later on whether or not you will comply with the request made by the rapporteur, the Committee on Budgetary Control and this House to reply before 1 June 2010 and produce the documents requested in paragraphs 25 and 26 of the resolution?
The increase in payments - 2.91% - is a very modest one, and it is a transitional budget at a time of necessary austerity in the Member States.
This is a waste of EU money, which we cannot allow in a time of economic crisis.
I also believe that the accommodation should be tailored to the experiment and accommodation should be part of the project authorisation.
These improvements concern the expansion of open application areas, though we would have preferred them to be introduced more quickly.
This more robust and demanding approach shows that the European Union recognises how closely interlinked the Member States' economies are and how policy choices in one Member State can have an impact on the others.
From tomorrow, General Motors will be trying to rake in EUR 2.7 billion worth of public aid across Europe, without contributing a single cent of their own.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the principle of effective internal control is one of the most important budgetary principles that the Commission must observe when implementing the budget and utilising the funds.
(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Lyon, ladies and gentlemen, in a context such as this, farms need strong support in order to innovate and make progress.
I hope that the Council decides to introduce that.
The authority of its president depends on the will of Parliament.
However, care has to be taken not to injure specific industrial sectors or reduce our overall economic possibilities, and therefore consideration of a targeted approach is very necessary.
(ES) Mr President, achieving a Consumer Rights Direcive, so establishing a horizontal instrument that will simplify, summarise and complement the four already-existing directives, is positive.
As regards the final outcome of the vote, that will depend on the amendments that we have tabled.
They need better access to capital markets.
Once the President of the Commission has been elected, you must immediately set about forming the rest of the College, regardless of the Treaty in force.
This scourge must be tackled, and my delegation supports this report which sends a strong message that the European Parliament will not tolerate fraud, evasion or tax havens operating with impunity.
I voted in favour of the report.
In our estimates this represents EUR 62.6 billion, which is equal to 43.5% of the total draft budget.
I believe that along with Pakistan, our small and medium-sized enterprises must be helped to escape from the crisis by imposing duties and quotas on Asian products.
However, action is taken most often for a very clearly defined space of time, namely the period leading up to the next elections.
I voted against this report.
The only stumbling block in this matter remains the horizontal issue of delegated acts.
I support the granting of EUR 2 752 935 in aid from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) for Catalonia as additional aid for the 1 429 workers made redundant from the 23 businesses manufacturing motor vehicles, trailers and semi-trailers, as a result of the structural changes in the patterns of global trade.
We have expressed such convinced opposition to the Parliamentary directive on the unified asylum procedure because, if implemented, it would, in effect, override the sovereignty of Member States.
First and foremost, the stress test for the banks must be completed and these banks recapitalised if necessary.
Regulations on soil protection have no cross-border effect.
Following the relevant expert evaluations, and in spite of the fact that there are still some problems to be resolved, both countries have shown they are prepared to implement the provisions of the Schengen acquis and can therefore fully accede to it.
The ideal scenario for us Europeans would be two states coexisting in peace and security.
We must nevertheless bear in mind a few figures, which will allow us to put the scope of this fund into perspective.
We have before us the Polledo report on the political priorities of the European Parliament for the post-2013 period.
However, it is also very important to make use of time.
Why do we have these tests?
This dossier requires our concerted attention in order to put these improvements in place without further delay.
Drugs, drug research and the means for disseminating knowledge and information are in the hands of the multinationals, whose only criterion is profit.
The current crisis also pointed out the dangers inherent in constricting the solvency of some private pension funds, which have been hit hard by a fall in interest rates and a decline in the value of investments.
Concerning transfers between budget articles, which Mr Dombrovskis mentioned, the Commission includes information on transfers within the CFSP budget with its quarterly reports to the budgetary authority, and in recent years, all appropriations under the CFSP budget have been committed.
Here in Europe we know only too well what terrible gaps wars can leave in the cultural landscape.
The Member States will be able to avoid implementing the regulation for a period of four years, which can be renewed once upon prior notification to the Commission of the reasons for this.
We strongly support the main thrust of any provision such as this to support small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
Our own budget is important and we have to be seen to be making sure that we take the right decisions for the public.
The UfM cannot continue to be blocked or paralysed by the conflict in the Middle East but, at the same time, neither can it ignore it.
The same must be done in Italy.
Alleged use of European countries by the CIA for the transportation and illegal detention of prisoners (vote)
As one participant said: I took an interest in the EU when the EU showed an interest in me, asking me what I think.
Given that the transport sector is constantly expanding, it has become essential to ensure that passenger protection rights, comparable to those applying to other modes of transport, also apply throughout the whole of the EU to bus and coach transport, which has seen growth above 5% and has recorded an annual volume of 72.8 million passengers.
Let me tell you, Prime Minister; there will be no agreement with Parliament unless the European supervisory authorities have the last word.
We abstained from the vote on the joint resolution, as it also contained a proposal for a moratorium on the development of new nuclear reactors while the stress tests were being carried out.
In their view, the largest governing party takes more liberties than what befits a pluriform society, in which democracy is about more than just holding elections.
Modern products are often made up of textiles and parts from different countries and it is almost impossible to correctly label an item of clothing with its origin.
The tax situation in the United States is worse than that in Europe.
Instead of continuing to insist on priority for the financial sector, we need to put a stop to tax havens and give priority to the productive sectors of the European Union, doing away with the Stability and Growth Pact and replacing it with a social development and progress pact.
We can also support the work of the Ministry for Minority Affairs and help the government of Prime Minister Gilani in such matters as improving the quality of journalism and media reporting and the standard of educational materials in schools, for example.
Once the report is ready, it will be presented to the Council, which should decide whether the deficit is excessive.
I believe that this is a record which will not be matched in the near future.
To this end I would also like to see included in the future projects such as the main railway line from Strasbourg to Bratislava and Budapest, TEN 17 and other projects that may not be located directly on the Danube, but which cross it repeatedly and are of strategic importance for the Danube region.
It is essential to strengthen the section for the prevention of religious intolerance of the Subcommittee on Political Affairs of the European External Action Service, with particular regard to persecuted Christians
rapporteur. - (PT) Mr President, I would also like to express my thanks for the comments that everyone has made, and for the notable stamina that everyone is still demonstrating at this hour.
That is the crucial point, and I would ask that we vote on it.
I would like to focus on three topics of special interest.
An opportunity for creative thinking, for a shift of approach in business life, and an opportunity for a paradigm shift in our way of thinking in terms of economy, society and the environment, to which our societies are increasingly receptive.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, adapting the rules on vaccination for bluetongue is in accordance with the new EU vaccination policy as expressed in the Animal Health strategy 2007-2013 under the slogan 'Prevention is better than cure'.
Furthermore, I do not agree that the open accommodation centres set up by certain Member States have low capacity and do not appear to meet migrants' needs.
May I ask why you did not support these requests during your six-month stint as the Swedish Presidency's Europe Minister?
If you continue to attempt to ignore the fact that Member States are completely disregarding the partnership principle and to provide them with subsidies despite this, you will be breaching the Structural Funds Regulation.
Let us join in solidarity with the families and also send expressions of solidarity to the countries which have been hit by such a tragedy.
The contents of this 'governance' package - and I call them 'contents' deliberately - that we are discussing today are so ridiculous that even the economists are stunned, because they will prevent budgetary policy from adjusting to economic cycles.
That really is unacceptable.
In recent years, we have seen an increasing number of environmental disasters.
The External Action Service, if it is to be worth the money and effort we are putting into it, has to start delivering on European values and human rights in particular.
As a result, we would not be able to reach a decision in time, which would cause problems that would affect the financial markets.
Strasbourg is a symbol of European unity that must not be abandoned.
Voting time
It was Europe that instigated this response.
Having examined the capacity of this pipeline, we have established that, in order for it to be viable and efficient, it needs 31 billion cubic metres of gas a year.
However, the question of energy security and Turkey's crucial geographical location mean that it is slowly becoming indispensable for securing European interests.
During my time in Parliament, I have campaigned on many occasions for nuclear safety in the EU.
Many thanks.
We will have a new slaughter directive which allows mobile slaughterhouses and which will reduce the need for travelling.
This is being imposed in exchange for a loan at a rate of interest higher than that of the International Monetary Fund itself.
I agree with Gilad's father, who has asked that his son's case be addressed as a humanitarian issue and not be turned into a political football.
This is why we support the G20 commitment to allocate 850 billion in additional resources to support growth in the emerging markets and the developing countries.
With regard to the Fernandes report on estimates of Parliament's revenue and expenditure for 2012, the Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group has requested that the vote be held over to the May part-session, and thus the request relates to holding the vote over.
Today we are talking about the G20.
The next decade will be one of profound demographic change for the European Union.
Ladies and gentlemen, today we see how well it is doing.
Madam President, honourable Members, our discussion this afternoon allows us to address issues relating to economic governance and, in particular, its social aspects.
It would be correct to supervise the implementation of Parliament's recommendations to Montenegro, and if these recommendations are implemented, I believe that the accession of a country like Montenegro can only be a benefit to the EU.
Although the UN Security Council has asked the Tribunal to wind up its activities by no later than the end of 2010, it has left some room for manoeuvre.
rapporteur. - (FI) Mr President, Commissioner, subcontracting chains are commonplace in business.
All victims deserve respect and expect that the perpetrators of their suffering will be punished fairly.
To avoid a contradiction between their standards and our standards, we have decided - as I announced today - on some kind of harmonisation, at least with Japan, while we are reviewing scientifically the global standards we can implement for any kind of imports to the European Union.
I give the example of the European Fundamental Rights Agency, which is currently under investigation by OLAF.
Civil society helps citizens in exerting their right to participate in the democratic life of the EU.
The interim agreement simply could not be worse.
Thus, food-quality schemes do not only provide consumers authentic products but can also support rural development.
Tying education, innovation and research into a coherent supportive policy is a vital part of a functioning knowledge economy.
I therefore voted in favour of the motion.
I see no reason for things to be done differently in this case.
(RO) During the current economic crisis the European funds are key instruments for the less developed regions in Member States in terms of helping them achieve convergence objectives.
It will therefore take good politics, what we make together as institutions, to determine whether we currently have solutions to go beyond today's atomic age into the future or whether we must carry on taking these tools into account in the long term to enable the further development we all need.
But not regulation for the sake of regulating - we need further regulation because we need markets to function properly again, funding jobs and investments.
Each year, we are paying to the Neighbourhood Policy countries 20% of what we are paying to the rest of the world.
Without forgetting the importance of the European Police Office (Europol) and notwithstanding the general support which it should have, as the third pillar, this is an extremely pertinent matter for the security of the European area.
Brussels needs to fill the gap left by Ukraine's uncertainty, and for this purpose even President Lukashenko may prove acceptable.
With respect to the Jadot report, I have heard calls for a climate chapter in each bilateral agreement.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, once again Burma is at the centre of motions for resolutions by the European Parliament concerning human rights violations.
We need to ensure fair competition and refuse to allow our efforts to address climate change to become a disadvantage in terms of world trade.
Without that, it would be very difficult to represent European values worldwide; it would be very difficult to represent with credibility the commitment to addressing unemployment and poverty in the G20 context.
All these measures would help ensure equal opportunities between women and men, improve the quality of life, and also compensate for an ageing population as they would boost the birth rate.
The fund's money is also distributed unevenly.
We condemn the use of brutal force by the police and KGB services against the protesters on Election Day.
There are some six million women in Poland who are homemakers.
However, I cannot hide the fact that we are not overly happy with the cabotage regime.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I warmly welcome the report by Mr Harbour on precommercial procurement: driving innovation to ensure sustainable, high quality public services in Europe.
These data come from before the crisis.
In the current situation, one cannot have elections organised by an illegal dictatorship.
This is ultimately about the basic unit of society, about strengthening the status of the family.
I also regret that the amendment tabled by my group to create a tax of 0.01% per annum on financial transactions in order to finance efforts to combat climate change in the poorest and most directly affected countries to the tune of EUR 20 billion per annum was not adopted.
Colleagues, there will now be a very short discussion on this topic so please do not leave the Chamber.
Draft general budget 2008 as modified by the Council (all sections) (vote)
French, German and especially Greek banks will have to be recapitalised.
(We now move to the next speaker.)
We are tired of hearing that all of this is impossible and that we need unanimity.
The Central District Court of Buda opened renewed proceedings on 31 March 2010.
For its part, the Commission stands ready to explore new measures in the fields of energy saving for cities, sustainable biofuels, smart grids and energy storage.
I have no doubt that the work of the EEAS will become increasingly effective and it will contribute to forming high level European foreign and security policy and strengthening the role of the European Union on the world stage.
Diseases caused by obesity tend to place an ever-growing burden on Member States' health care systems, and the connection between obesity and fast food is well documented.
1.
In the region, Thailand is a major producer of food, yet when some of its neighbours like Burma and Vietnam were in poverty and running out of food, we did not accept Thailand's offer to cooperate with us and act as our agent in the region.
This may perhaps be explained better than I have explained it by an interview with Mr Cohn-Bendit, which I quote word for word: 'It is absurd to compare Mr Berlusconi to a dictator: there are no prisons for dissidents, he has the support of the majority, and the centre-left has simply lost'.
For me, it is highly regrettable that we are once again fighting over the question of yes or no.
However, the concessions made by the EU and the Latin American banana producers must not cause the general situation of the ACP countries to be forgotten.
So we are talking about action and we are talking about the timetable.
I would like to reassure everyone who is concerned that there will be abuse of the system or the regulations will not be adhered to as a result of using external service providers.
There is a lot that can be done to keep up the momentum of recent economic growth without, at the same time, increasing disparities in society.
The possibility of a transitional period, with its own scheme, for any region that loses its classification as a less-favoured area must also be considered.
The current compromise proposal extends housing interventions for marginalised communities to all 27 Member States and not only to the EU-12 as the Commission initially proposed.
I am very happy with these appointments, because Mr Van Rompuy has already said that his personal views are entirely irrelevant.
The public consultation has made a strong call for the improved effectiveness and efficiency of the European budget, in particular through the simplification and proportionality of the administrative budget and control.
If a Member State makes a mockery of the external cost charge calculation or of the maximum value, the Commission must come down hard on that Member State.
We are all horrified by the violent power of this natural disaster and its tragic consequences.
What is certain is that the Iranian regime has been seriously damaged, both internally and in terms of its external image.
After the conflict between Russia and Georgia had unleashed in August last year, one might have felt inclined to think that good fences make good neighbours.
I express my support for the recommendation to improve the energy efficiency of buildings.
This package of economic governance reforms will stifle growth in the EU at the very time we need investment for growth, for research and development and for jobs, to secure the economic future of Europe.
We are critical of the system's current structure and scope, but how the funds are used is nevertheless important.
Therefore, there is no legal basis for Greece to obstruct the country's accession process.
The European Parliament is doing its bit to compensate for the failings of others.
Venture capital is needed to create new jobs in start-ups.
We will have to examine whether the setting of the end point by the European Commission complies with the aforementioned criterion, namely legal certainty.
Identical conditions throughout the European Union will guarantee identical safety standards and identical production conditions.
Now we are in a more difficult position.
Written statements (Rule 149)
I admit that the result of the repeat Irish referendum was no surprise to me.
As a Swedish Social Democrat, I have to mention our own situation, where, following the government's transposition of the directive into Swedish law, there is absolutely no requirement for foreign companies to have a representative in Sweden with the right to negotiate and enter into collective agreements with the competent trade union federation.
Commissioner, put this agreement on the table immediately.
We asked Greece to take some measures.
We have heard three different numbers relating to the paragraph that we are just about to vote on.
Since then, the Union has set up instruments for achieving that goal.
Mr President, I welcome the opportunity to take part in this debate today and want to address a very specific issue that has already been raised by some of the colleagues that I have listened to.
This report also clarifies the scope of Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union with regard to delegated acts.
However, a number of questions remain open after the G20 summit.
Several issues remain to be addressed, such as, firstly, further mapping of the cost calculation mechanism; secondly, the list of ailments which will be covered by the system; thirdly, recognition of prescriptions, given that the same drugs are not available in all the Member States; and fourthly, the promotion of e-health.
We therefore support this report, but new tests should not be performed on finished products if known information on the ingredients they contain proves compliant with legislation.
the Council and Commission statements: Outcome of the summit of 7 May 2010 and the ECOFIN meeting [2010/269(RSP)],
There have been various cases in the past where institutions have purchased or rented property using methods that were not entirely efficient.
In the medium term, it includes developing this industrial area and creating more jobs with rights.
Following exhaustive dialogue with the Council and the Commission, we have agreed on numerous points in the compromise text.
In spite of this, there has been no progress on the Romanian side.
(Applause)
(NL) Mr President, a few of the amendments which the rapporteur has tabled to his report are nothing short of staggering.
We therefore need some rapid new thinking.
Only the test of new legislation, heavily amended by the European Parliament and the Council, will be able to indicate whether the route set out will result in the effectiveness and implementation of European policies.
That means that diversification of pipelines, sources and, of course, of different energy - as has been said here - will be the way to go in the future.
Mr President, the most important topic at the recent European Council was the economy and the stability of the eurozone.
It is naïve to expect all the maritime nations of the world to abide by the EU's high environmental standards.
All countries will have to provide financial resources so that developing countries, too, can participate in a climate agreement.
The Commission and all Member States are members of the board.
The crisis, presented as financial, has finally exposed the limits of economic growth, as understood by capitalism, namely the availability of fertile land for the production of food and other organic raw materials, and geological reserves for the extraction of mineral raw materials and energy to run industries.
My first word is one of confidence, in a positive vein.
In view of the time that an ordinary procedure would have taken, and also in order to avoid a referendum in some Member States, this can only be regulated by a simplified Treaty revision procedure.
(EL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I disagree with what has been said in this House with reference to corporate protectionism.
In the area of forced labour, specifically, the figures are going up, whilst the figures on the trafficking of women remain unchanged.
The common objective must be to promote greater public awareness about the diseases associated with ageing and to complement World Alzheimer's Day, held on 21 September, with information campaigns on the prevention of such diseases and the treatment of cerebral vascular accidents.
Mrs Trüpel and others have quite rightly pointed out that this debt crisis affects us only indirectly, as it is not permitted for debts to be incurred at European level.
I could not help but think that many of those same ministers allocated billions to support banks, but were unable to support other financial institutions that would provide micro-credit to those who have lost their jobs and who would have difficulty in accessing credit from the same banks that have been saved.
We would certainly highlight the failure to allow free trade unions to operate within China.
Indeed, our country will soon receive substantial financial aid to deal with the consequences of storm Xynthia in February 2010.
Bearing in mind the specific features of these outermost regions, I believe that this extension is vital for the survival of the local industry in these products and for the protection of employment in this sector.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, first and foremost, I wish to express my gratitude to the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) and particularly to the rapporteur, Ms Riera Madurell, for supporting our proposal for the Community legal framework for a European Research Infrastructure.
In this respect, instead of thinking about other institutions, the question that Parliament needs to ask itself is what contribution it can make to a change of institutional and political attitude in this House.
A comprehensive economic trade agreement with Canada could make a positive contribution to deepening the already excellent relations between the EU and Canada.
I ask myself, therefore, why the Foreign Affairs Council is not drawing the right conclusions from this.
Another very important moment for Afghanistan will be the London Conference in January.
Nothing was done because the area is ruled by concrete, by the concrete mafia, by the forest mafia, with their forest fires.
From ordinary European Council to extraordinary European Council, last Thursday's meeting was not capable, either, of disguising the underlying divide between intergovernmental spirit and the Community method.
However, Internet commerce also gives rise to questions, especially about the sale of counterfeit products which are protected by intellectual property rights.
The alarmist statements of the IPCC should be regarded as highly irresponsible, because political and economic decisions which are based on them will affect many future generations.
If there is a call to be made to the Commission today, it is that it should move more swiftly in this direction.
Only together can we mobilise the knowledge and skills needed to prevent climate change and the irreparable damage to ecosystems.
The Commission must come up with tough and lasting measures to address volatility in the agricultural markets.
Nevertheless, these concerns must not lead us to forget that agriculture's main role is to produce food, nor must they serve as a pretext for making amendments to the common agricultural policy (CAP) that worsen the already serious and unacceptable food dependency of various countries, both Member States - as is the case of Portugal - and third countries.
This is the same Commissioner Reding who, in a pretty crowded field, came up with what may be the single most fatuous argument I have heard from the Commission over the last term when she said that we needed a .eu common domain name in order to make the Internet more accessible to women.
This is the institution that releases the money and that should, therefore, be performing the necessary controls before doing so.
The report adds that 'data provided by the Member States on checks and infringements is not reliable and the Commission's performance monitoring was found wanting'.
I believe the principles we discussed then and agreed upon should be present here.
Now comes the moment of truth.
We will probably need common rules in this area, otherwise there may be disputes or people may be excluded and told that the matter does not concern them because they are citizens of another state.
In other words, several problems still remain, as everyone here has mentioned, and they are problems which need to be resolved.
In the European Parliament's resolution on the ECB annual report 2009, it is noted that the principles of the Stability and Growth Pact were not always fully respected in the past and therefore, it is necessary to ensure that in future, this pact is applied more coherently and effectively in the Member States.
Request for defence of Mr Valdemar Tomaševski's parliamentary immunity (
Finally, we confirm the importance of the creation of an autonomous structure for carrying out impact assessments within Parliament, with a view to further enhancing the quality of its law making and creating new synergies.
I would like to thank the Swedish Presidency once again.
Six million Jews were murdered in the Second World War here in Europe.
He has all our support.
In this context, it is also vital to mention the importance of monitoring the compliance of national strategies with the submitted framework, and monitoring the effectiveness of their implementation.
Dramatic events, then, require harmonised action.
The key aim of these measures is to revitalise the Western Balkan economies through privileged access to the EU market.
Until now, policies in the fields of maritime transport, the maritime economy, new technologies, coastal regions, offshore energy, fishing, maritime surveillance, tourism, protection of the marine environment, and maritime research have developed separately from each other.
That country does not need another dictator, but the restoration of democracy.
This must be taken into account in considering the beneficial impact of ICT used.
Indeed, the Martin report is the best example of this approach as the accusations it makes against Romania are both controversial and unfounded.
Would it not, then, be much more sensible to concentrate on solving these existing problems together via dialogue, in an effort to give all the minorities of this region a better chance?
There have been reports of numerous cases of deaths, injuries and disappearances.
What is the overall outcome of the Commission's activities in this field in the past few months?
We have to open our borders and reach an agreement with the European agricultural sectors, and not one behind their backs.
Well, the aim of this war is more security for Israel.
Are you at liberty to say and maybe to give the reasons for the disparity between the best and the worst?
This needs to be explained to us better, Baroness Ashton.
The EU will, in accordance with the European consensus on humanitarian aid, ensure that this is properly addressed in the resolution.
(DE) Madam President, forty percent of Cameroon's surface area is covered in forest.
In between, there can be the European bridge - a bridge that could connect all in a new partnership for peace and prosperity.
Is there a new proposal of the European Council for Copenhagen with a 30% target - a greater offsetting than the 20% target - for 2025?
This has to change if we want to prevent an environmental crisis.
(DE) Madam President, it would be good if this report by Mr Balz could be presented subject to a reservation, and that would be a reservation as regards memoirs.
There must be synergy between the three institutions; however, my thanks go to the European Parliament which, again this evening, has just given us a very good report.
Firstly, the interest rate charged is draconian and is not sustainable.
Austria has 16 weeks of maternity provision.
It is still one of the poorest countries in the world, where - for the majority of the Afghan population - life is short, brutal and nasty, as it was in our continent five centuries ago.
Above all it will correct the asymmetry on the trade markets, which sees Europe as the only large area lacking a regulation on compulsory origin marking.
It must be substantially adapted in order to take account of precisely these changes that European agriculture faces.
Here, too, an important prerequisite has been met.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Madam President, I did not intend to speak again, but what has been said needs to be corrected.
Now is not the time to recognise Kosovan independence.
At a time when we have just celebrated the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, this report questions what we understand by the meaning of fundamental right.
The full realisation of a competitive Single Market, without barriers, is essential to relaunching the European economy and stimulating growth, competitiveness and sustainability in the EU.
Central to this parliamentary report is the notion that it will not be long before the Commission initiates a broad programme of consultation to establish a new system of value added tax.
We need to manage the euro for the benefit of European citizens and not speculators.
I voted in favour of this Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation: lessons learned and perspectives for the future.
Therefore the European Union must support the awareness campaigns promoting gender equality and human rights.
As Commissioner Reding pointed out, that is a huge problem that must be addressed in the context of the review of the Data Protection Directive.
On the same occasion, your representatives indicated that they were willing to try to find a common approach in respect of the building policy of the EU institutions and bodies.
Naturally, we are asking for this troubled crisis to be brought to an end in a reasonably short time and we place our trust in an authoritative intervention by Baroness Ashton, so that Europe can speak with authority and prestige through the highest office in international relations.
Firstly, we need to promote the quality and effectiveness of aid by good assessment, a well-coordinated response and investment in disaster risk reduction and local capacity.
Lukashenko is leading the country and the opposition is in gaol.
The regions will then set and agree very realistic but also ambitious and quantifiable targets together with us in the Commission in a partnership and investment agreement so that, at the end of the period, we will be clearly able to see whether or not the objectives agreed between us have been achieved or perhaps even exceeded.
Today, the regime of Mr Gbagbo is neither wanted by its citizens, nor supported by its neighbours, nor accepted by the international community.
However, at a time when the economic and financial crisis is heightening social inequalities, structural fund allocations to the Member States are in decline.
Lastly, I hope, as stated in the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development, that the Commission submits an assessment of the effects of the temporary measures by the end of 2011 and gives Parliament an opportunity to revise the legislation if necessary.
Should the instrument be financed from Progress - yes or no?
A specific call is made to use the stimulus packages all over the world to promote clean energy and green technologies, stressing thereby that the financial crisis and the climate crisis have the same roots - unsustainable use of resources.
(DE) Commissioner Barnier, I would be very interested to know what effect Basel II is having on the US market, where a lot - hundreds - of small banks have now gone bankrupt.
There is coordination at EU level of aspects of the pension systems relating to the operation of the internal market, such as compliance with the requirements of the Stability and Growth Pact and the EU 2020 Strategy.
Mr President, my comments are for Baroness Ashton.
Climate change policy has frequently been considered independently of the scientific knowledge of the Directorate-General for Research.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a really important moment, because today, for the first time in the European Parliament, we are commemorating the Roma and Sinti victims of the Holocaust.
(PT) Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, the rights of women and the right to live in dignity are fundamental human rights which must be promoted by the European Union.
Minimum energy performance requirements will even apply from now on when older buildings are renovated.
Finally, not much has been said about e-health, but that is a very important resource as well, and we will hear more on the topic in future.
You should be aware that in Spain, there is a distribution of competence, which lies not only with the central government, but also with the autonomous communities and the councils.
An increase in the budget in times of financial and economic crisis should, in principle, be rejected.
Temporary?
Above all, this Parliament, always quick to condemn violations of human rights around the world or to demand 'human rights' clauses in international cooperation agreements, has achieved the master stroke of voting for a report on the Balkans without once mentioning the dramatic and inadmissible situation of the Serb populations in Kosovo, who have become pariahs in the historical land of their fathers.
As such, we still have serious doubts about the limits to the potential uses of these programmes in a context of competition, both between functionalities and efficiencies of these systems, and between the EU and US.
It is not a question of advocating Turkmenistan's isolation, but of engaging with the country.
The differences within the European Union with regard to one of the key international issues is an indication that not everything is under control.
The Treaty of Lisbon gives Parliament new budgetary powers and new ways of working and Mrs Guy-Quint's report provides the forthcoming Parliament with an excellent basis for this work.
You have not made a commitment to confidentiality, which is clearly necessary at least to a certain extent.
We must, today, take action to mitigate these effects.
Only progress in these three areas would make the Common Security and Defence Policy more effective.
That is why tomorrow, I hope and believe, you will be defeated.
We give the budgetary authority and the Court of Auditors all the information they request from us.
Mr President, the proposal that I am promoting is that a transnational list should be drawn from at least a third of the Member States.
I hope, ladies and gentlemen, that we will also continue to work on the directive in this Parliament in the coming years, and that we will improve patient rights in the EU.
Many of the immigration problems that we face are not political but economical, especially in the Mediterranean, and therefore we have to provide assistance in order to prevent this problem from growing.
So it is the percentage which is being debated.
That experience is not to be monopolised, and I therefore support fiercely the EU's continued enlargement.
Finally, I would like to call on the Council to adopt as soon as possible the measures proposed for accelerating and simplifying the use of the Structural Funds.
The documents drawn up by Gordon Brown and his administration are excellent and you had an opportunity to familiarise yourselves with them yesterday.
The economies of the euro were very diverse, it said.
Between 2002 and 2007, the European Commission assigned a total of EUR 1 400 000 000 in aid to that country.
22.
The focus should only be on terrorism.
I am totally opposed to nuclear weapons and my party is committed to removing nuclear weapons from Scottish soil when we achieve independence.
Simplifying administrative procedures in general will help boost the ability to absorb these funds, including in countries faced with this problem, in other words, my own country, Romania.
You must do more!
The Charter has also appeared in commemoration of the 15 years since the Beijing Platform for Action, and it has come about after many consultations which I have had, especially with the group of Members of this House that is dedicated to the cause of women.
We can put in place exceptions for very small businesses, but as a general rule we must make it easier to hand in electronic devices, rather than putting them in the dustbin, because we need the valuable raw materials.
In terms of aid, this is governed by and dependent on the provisions of the Cotonou Agreement.
Of course, I did not want one immediately as regards Pakistan.
Nevertheless, it is certain that there are many summits planned during your Presidency, be they with Latin America or the Mediterranean, but I also wish to show my concern on two aspects.
I repeat once again: we have a collective responsibility.
However, we should applaud the engagement of various international actors, ranging from governments to civil society organisations and to individuals worldwide.
A monstrous alliance was formed in both cases, one by the Americans, the other by the Russians, which means that, in a bid to control a particular group of Islamic fundamentalists, agreements are concluded with other Islamic fundamentalists.
The report calls on the general secretariat to continue implementing an integrated work-life strategy and to facilitate the career progress of women officials.
We are obliged, within the scope of our competency, to give help towards high-level health protection across the entire European Union.
The views which I shall be representing here, over the next six months, will not be my personal views or those of the Czech government.
The European Union needs to do whatever it can to ensure that the principles and freedoms governing human rights are applied, so that it can play a leading role in this sector.
Therefore, it is crucial to recognise that time and opportunities for strengthening mutual partnership are limited.
Our lack of success in combining economics with ecology - which are not actually that different - is often down to excessive bureaucracy and insufficient knowledge.
That would be good for the economy, good for the climate and also good for the stability of this society, because that is what it desperately needs.
Nevertheless, this is a step in the right direction, for it will boost the availability of medical services.
Following the lifting of the ban on bilateral political contacts, a number of high-level visits have taken place, including a ministerial troika at the end of January.
Climate protection has certainly been tossed about many times.
We have always advocated the need for the EU to give solidarity aid to countries that need it, and argued that this aid should be directed towards projects which are of real interest to the people of the country.
The draft resolution underlines the conclusions of the Swedish Presidency regarding no new institutions, no new legislation and no new budgets.
We have also advocated youth guarantees, which have been successfully applied in some Member States; wider use of these is very promising.
SWIFT (debate)
The deal was sealed in December 2008.
We now risk cutting ourselves off from more dynamic economies and becoming more penurious and more irrelevant and ultimately, like Tolkien's Eldar, going into the west and fading.
There is also a substantial amount of infected pigmeat at one plant.
My thanks to Mr Reinfeldt and Mr Barroso for their proposals.
I also firmly believe that this measure will then allow us to achieve more easily one of the European Union's main objectives, which is to create economic, social and territorial cohesion.
The next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) is a perfect opportunity to show European residents that the Union can achieve long-term goals, such as stimulating strong growth and internal cohesion.
It is simply just a travesty of the role of the European Union, but I think it does reflect historically some of the ways in which we perhaps were perceived.
Do we need to make distinctions in order to resolve the copyright issues, for example, with regard to content?
In spite of Articles 13, 23 and 126 of the Geneva Convention on the rights of prisoners of war, Ghilad, who also holds French citizenship, has not had his rights respected in terms of receiving visits from his family and the International Red Cross, receiving humane treatment and having the exact location where he is being held prisoner disclosed.
If it is right to respect the principle that decisions should be taken as close as possible to the citizens, let Europe cease to rule over our daily lives.
I hope they will be accepted by the other institutions to give this process the democratic legitimacy it needs.
I would like to stress the need to simplify the procedures for implementing the Structural Funds, especially management and control systems.
It is naive, in fact, it is childishly naive.
Mr President, when we go through the discharge procedure and vote on it, the European Parliament will take full responsibility for the year 2008.
That is why cooperation within the framework of the mechanism for cooperation and verification should be continued.
I was pleased to hear the Swedish Presidency point that out.
I certainly believe, as we all do, that this is also a way of encouraging Georgia to implement all the necessary reforms that the President, just a few days ago, reminded us were needed in the areas of liberty, security and justice.
We are organising visits by Commission experts to see that the directive is being implemented, and we are organising appropriate meetings with stakeholders.
Do not draw up lists of what is not possible due to national egoism and protectionism, but of what we need to do together, as Europe, in order to be competitive and to provide the right answer to the crisis.
On the other hand, businesses are constantly complaining about the shortage of specialist staff, using this supposed shortage as an excuse to use cheap labour.
Why should we annoy them even more?
The sovereignty of a parliament is shorthand for the sovereignty of the people.
As it has been presented, the European Protection Order makes protection for victims wishing to move freely within the European Union a more decisive and faster process.
(The sitting was closed at 10.45 p.m.)
One of the principal aims of the report is to emphasise that the current fundamental rights structure must begin and end with the individual, that is to say, the citizen.
in writing. - As a rule, once the Constitution is changed and a new form of governance has been created, the country needs democratic and fair elections.
Removing this programme will deprive Bulgaria's largest minority of the right to information in their mother tongue.
(RO) Madam President, first of all, I would like to congratulate Mr Rapkay for all his efforts.
This may give rise to huge problems in terms of accomplishing the original reduction target at the same time as maintaining financial liquidity.
Just looking at the percentages, however, is a little misleading, since, after all, the absolute figures for spending on research and development in the European Union from 2000 to 2006 rose by 14.8%.
I would first like to be very clear on the opening up of the market.
Member of the Commission. - Under normal circumstances, the Stability and Growth Pact presumes there will be rapid correction of the excessive deficit and this correction should be carried out the year after such an excessive deficit has been identified.
Commissioner, fair economic relations must be established as a matter of urgency.
We are indeed at a crossroads today.
We will also be helping ourselves.
A new comprehensive cancer approach is essential, because the disease is growing at almost epidemic rates at global level and is one of the main causes of death in the world, responsible for almost 13% of the total number of deaths in 2004 (nearly 1.7 million deaths every year); because it was the second-largest cause of death in 2006, with the majority of deaths resulting from lung cancer, colorectal cancer and breast cancer; and because one in three Europeans is still confronted with a diagnosis of cancer during their lifetime, and one in four Europeans ends up dying from it.
This is an opportunity for the Union to forge a common foreign policy and defend those values for which it stands as a matter of routine.
This, too, is nothing new; it is also contained in the other directives.
Neither the status quo nor the postulate of deeper integration bringing indisputable benefits can or should be regarded as sacrosanct by any European democrat.
This Draft amending budget aims at mobilising the EU Solidarity Fund for an amount of EUR 182.4 million in commitment and payment appropriations in order to mitigate the effects of flooding resulting from heavy rainfalls in Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Croatia and Romania.
Negotiations are about seeking an agreed outcome and require a minimum confidentiality in order for each party to feel comfortable to make concessions and/or to try out options before finally settling on an agreement.
The measures for coordination and surveillance that ensure respect for budgetary discipline will be reinforced.
Solidarity within the eurozone and solidarity between the eurozone and the states outside it.
It is clear that Ukraine's democracy is continuing its process of consolidation.
I hope the baby is well!
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it gives me particular pleasure that we have succeeded in drawing up and adopting a new support programme for European films for the culture and economy of the European Union and worldwide within a short space of time - just six months - and before the end of this legislative period.
As a consumer myself, it matters to me to know where the product is made.
The 75% employment level is nice enough, as are the '20/20/20' targets with regard to climate change, and the 10% and 40% objective regarding education, but how, with what and from what will these targets be met, and what about supervision, what will happen to those who do not meet these targets, and what about those who meet them only on paper, in other words, who do not submit accurate figures?
I have no problem with Member States cooperating on an equal level in the case of a CBRN event - and in the case of an environmental disaster resulting from such an incident, it is crucial - but I do have a huge problem with this report potentially opening the door for militarisation of the EU.
We are moving ahead on the issue of visa facilitation.
The arrangement is unanimously supported by the pharmaceutical industry because it eliminates tariffs on inputs and intermediaries that have to be paid even in connection with intra-company trade, thereby facilitating international trade in these products and benefiting pharmaceutical companies.
This regulation on pets will go down in history.
We have called for the principle of Think Small First to be a compulsory and integral part of all future legislation.
More intensive economic growth in the EU can only be achieved by removing the obstacles of the internal market.
As it says in the resolution, 'the United Nations would be the most appropriate body to conduct an independent international inquiry in order to clarify the events, the deaths and the disappearances'.
The second milestone is the authorisation by the Council, again last week, of the opening of the negotiations on association agreements with Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia.
We are also working with the United States on a joint declaration on the fight against terrorism and an agreement on data protection.
This, too, should be the position of the European Parliament.
The question raised by Ms Guillaume concerns an awareness-raising campaign on the work-life balance, which was supported by the Progress programme.
I hope that the various political groups will also stop their political games and withdraw the resolutions in question.
It is not without reason that the tobacco trade is regulated to this extent, at national level (distribution subject to authorisation) or international level (limited cross-border purchases) and that, for once, border controls actually exist, even if they are hampered by European regulation.
This will create jobs and will prepare the way for the environmentally sound industrial policy that we are striving for.
My question is: Do you think that constructive cooperation with the Council is possible when there is no tone of cooperation being sounded by Mrs Merkel and Mr Sarkozy?
I agree with Mr Adamou that everybody should be as reasonable and realistic as possible in this situation - panicking does not help anybody.
Parliament has voted for the interim agreement with the Côte d'Ivoire, for example; it is a country plagued with internal conflicts and without a legitimate government.
You are quite right that you have four minutes.
The Treaty will also thereby put an end to the twofold position of the European Council, making it an autonomous institution of the Union.
The mainstay of the common asylum system must be that an individual asylum seeker should experience the same reception and have his or her application assessed according to the same criteria irrespective of which Member States he or she arrives in.
It is therefore essential that we do not pursue a simple technical revision of the treaties and that the two major dysfunctions of the euro area revealed by the crisis are addressed.
Mr President, another package of reports to keep EU committees busy, more pollution into a sea of unnecessary regulations.
The European Union must be to the forefront of the international response aimed at providing support and help to the people of Haiti.
Allow me to, perhaps, take a look into the future.
Europe must also take on the leading role when it comes to environmentally friendly technologies.
The political centre is where the ideas tearing economic and monetary union apart are generated.
It is good that the resolution has been tabled, but most important of all is that the primacy of human rights values should be victorious over economics.
It is estimated that approximately 20%-40% of global industrial wood production comes from illegal sources, and up to 20% of this finds its way into the EU every year.
This is what I can say at the moment.
How do you expect to agree a position and be heard by others in such circumstances?
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, we can see that the application of the European Arrest Warrant raises the issue of detention which is very unevenly applied from one Member State to another.
Nonetheless, cost-efficiency is the golden rule.
I think it is important to state this, because the European Union cannot give up its principles.
- That is clearly rejected.
It is a fact that the daily lives of European citizens have become considerably more difficult as a result of stress from travelling, congestion, pollution, noise and the deterioration in the environment.
The African Union should have helped to bring about democracy in Côte d'Ivoire.
Even though this report is positive overall, it incorporates an intolerable measure: the speeding up of GMO authorisation procedures by the Commission.
I wholeheartedly support the joint resolution, in the form which we now see it before us, not because I think that we should solely concern ourselves with Christians, but because Christians are currently having to deal with intolerance in an increasing number of countries.
Despite the increasingly strict and more complicated regulations governing offshore drilling, there was something on the government's side which did not work.
They continued to claim that they were only expressing an opinion, although they knew very well that their ratings were, in fact, being used as a seal of approval.
The initiatives have to be taken at local level and benefit from the expertise of local NGOs and Roma themselves who know what the main difficulties are, so that this strategy really meets Roma people's needs.
This principle should brook no exception, and it is applicable to both large and small nations.
For us on the Committee on Culture and Education, it has been an idea and project that we have all shared, as 2014 will mark the hundredth anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War, which began with an incident in that very city.
Clear operating rules need to be laid down for these services, the rating procedures they use need to be disclosed and they need to take responsibility.
These networks are very important to the development of Europe's traffic infrastructure.
All this matters most to those citizens and enterprises who wish to freely exercise their rights in commerce in the internal market.
However, we are equally uneasy when very few irregularities are reported, according to the principle: if I report nothing then I do not need to worry about recovery and the money will remain in my country.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
Where is the turnover which justifies ongoing funding of EUR 90 million per year?
The final statement was delivered on behalf of 22 states.
I find this regrettable, as it means we did not dare to recognise that it constitutes a problem for consumers, and I think this was instigated by governments who were only too willing to continue to see it as a monopoly for Member States.
We do support paragraphs 105 and 109 of the Casaca report, which remedy some objections we have concerning the voluntary pension fund of the MEPs, but because the Casaca report does not change the existing situation, we have voted against giving the discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Parliament's budget for the financial year 2007.
Yet more is expected from a candidate for the future head of the Commission: he is expected to say how he intends to achieve this, rather than just presenting a list of challenges.
I support the proposal for a European Protection Order, which I am very pleased that the Spanish Presidency has tabled.
I am concerned - and this also applies to the handling of the financial crisis - that the loosening of the EU's own rules is a destructive step, and therefore when we talk of a Europe of rules, we will naturally insist on compliance with the directives on state aid and competition, and this will be one of the criteria for assessing all proposals on how to address the financial crisis.
I personally have been to Lampedusa and Malta;
According to information the Commission gathered from the Member States, this is the only way to deal with the issue.
Nevertheless, I would like to begin by looking at the problems relating to the structure and inflexibility of the European budget.
We carried out alignment work and hydraulic engineering work without taking nature into account, and out of small streams and channels, great rivers came.
In difficult economic times, measures are, of course, needed to stimulate the economy, but it is doubtful whether instruments such as the European Economic Recovery Programme can achieve this.
Cleanup in Europe and Let's do it World 2012 (written declaration)
Whichever way you look at it, what was achieved in terms of the cut-off criteria is a watered-down result when compared to the EP's position at first reading.
The subject involves the need for a government ruled by the streams of economic and social policies equal to the challenge of migration, the issues of the recognition of political refugees and the ratification by Libya of the Geneva Convention and, lastly, the problem of the readmission of immigrants based on concrete guarantees to safeguard the immigrants' living conditions.
in writing. - Since the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty on 1 December 2009, the Union's humanitarian activities have been governed by Article 214 TFEU, establishing a specific EU policy for humanitarian aid as a competence shared between the Member States and the Union.
The joint debate is closed.
We cannot have electronic labels being applied to textiles without the knowledge of those concerned whilst we are still waiting for the requisite labelling regulations.
(BG) The European Parliament has always supported Ukraine on its journey towards democracy, based on the principles of the rule of law and sharing with us common values on European integration.
The European Union should therefore play a more active and leading role in the reform of global governance.
It is the citizens of Europe who are shouldering most of the weight of the crisis, with pay cuts, with unemployment, with the insecurity surrounding their jobs and with cutbacks in their social rights.
Last year, I was there to take a course in Spanish.
Mr President, it is a great joy for me to take the floor for the first time in this Plenary to commend Minister Tobias Billström for his deep understanding - and, as an Italian national originally, I am in a position to say that - of the grave situation facing the Mediterranean people and countries.
(RO) Madam President, I would like to draw your attention in particular to the provisions of the revised constitution relating to the collective rights of the ethnic Hungarian minority living abroad and to the explicit declaration, in this case, of the principle of extraterritoriality, both of which blatantly breach OSCE standards and the repeated assessments made by the Venice Commission in similar cases.
Nobody can quantify the risk.
The European economic recovery plan submitted by the Commission in November 2008 and approved by the Council is concerned with solving urgent questions and also calls for investments which should bring long-term benefits to the Union.
I am very sorry that this discussion is being held here in the European Parliament.
I will be appointing the working group chair who will be responsible for human rights, and that will enable them to pick up the point that was made about whether capitals should have people gathered from the capitals or whether it should be based in Brussels.
We cannot accept that, in times like these, MEPs would sooner consider their own income than that of the citizens.
In fact, by combining certain aspects relating to VAT on the supply of natural gas, electricity and heat or refrigeration with the tax treatment of joint undertakings established in accordance with Article 171 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, with the identification of certain consequences of EU enlargement, and with the conditions for exercising the right to deduct input VAT, we will be moving towards greater effectiveness in applying VAT.
The situation is as follows.
While flying over the island of Farmakonisi, the helicopter received radio interference from Turkish radar at Datça, demanding that it withdraw from the area and submit a flight plan.
At the same time, we have had our rows because we also play different roles and sometimes we have to be very realistic about what we can achieve and we have to fight our corners in each institution.
Revision of the Treaties - Transitional measures concerning the composition of the European Parliament (
(EL) Mr President, I have been following events in Albania with a great deal of concern.
Twenty seven EU countries means 27 different sets of regulations plus people from countries outside the Union who have been illegally let in and who, because they are poor, are willing to donate a kidney for very little money.
However, it was important for the compromise not to take the form of solutions that merely aimed at prohibiting any reference to ratings in any context whatsoever, where the latter had not been established in the framework of this regulation.
I would put all of these questions back on the table during the negotiations that will deal with the reform of the POSEI programme.
The objective of this policy is to ensure the sustainable development of forests while helping to enhance quality of life for European citizens and to promote the development of rural areas.
You are continuing as normal with your disastrous policy.
A problem is also caused, both in Campania and in Lithuania, by the complete lack of cooperation among citizens and authorities.
I am also grateful that we were looking at taking the money from the existing budget, rather than new spending, and using that to leverage even more spending from the private sector.
Improvements can be made in relation to insurance and in the structural adaptation measures relating to disabled entrances, and the requirement for a law on class actions could be eliminated, but we foresee serious problems for the Member States if, for example, we were forced to include the concept 'belief' in the prohibited grounds for discrimination.
We must not forget that European industries and businesses are bound in Europe by strict social and environmental rules.
Common binding standards on the quality and safety of donations in the 27 Member States absolutely must be adopted in order to improve cross-border exchanges and to increase donation rates.
Like a tanker on the high seas, the ECB must stay on the correct course.
However, I strongly believe that the EU-IMF financial package will help Ireland restore confidence by getting the banks capitalised and lending again, and by repairing the public finances.
We cannot do this by trampling on human rights, however.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am very grateful to every one of you for the quality of your speeches across a whole range of views.
For that reason, there can be no common consolidated corporate tax base, and the principle of fair tax competition must remain.
If we ignore these excellent and laudable aspirations, there is a danger that the revolutions could be manipulated for the worse by some when they ought, in reality, to improve things.
Unfortunately, I too cannot vote in favour of the Laperrouze report, for example because it is too one-sided in this respect.
It is therefore important that there is cooperation on a European level in this respect.
Closure of the sitting
I support this report since it entails a comprehensive approach to the challenges we face in the mental health sector, such as combating stigma, discrimination and social exclusion, but also recognising the need for preventive programs, public support and adequate treatment of people.
The Court of Auditors states in its report that the annual accounts of the European Network and Information Security Agency for the financial year 2008 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Well done!
I hope that the President of the United States, Barack Obama, will show that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize, because combating climate change will contribute to peace and happiness for all nations!
Countries that show budgetary discipline are countries with economies that grow, and we must not forget that.
They were not formed from the bottom up.
The big question now is as follows: what use is it going to make of the responses from those concerned during the consultation?
Evidence at hand suggests that post-enlargement intra-EU mobility has not led - and is unlikely to lead - to serious labour market disturbances.
We cannot, at the same time, be told that we must forsake nuclear energy on the grounds that radioactive fallout is dangerous, while also being told that we should stop using fossil fuels because CO2 is being discharged into the atmosphere.
This ought to have played a much greater role in the discussions we had with the Libyan authorities - a much greater role with regard to the requirements we are imposing to prevent this pressure on Europe's borders.
We have to recognise that Member States need finally to correctly apply and transpose the Directive so that these and other problems are resolved expediently.
The report by Mr Buşoi on SOLVIT is very important.
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner for his very comprehensive response to the question.
Some speeches we have heard could give rise to the impression that there is no parliamentary scrutiny of common foreign and security policy, but this is far from the truth.
There are risks but this is the only way, in my opinion, to achieve really sustainable management of this resource, because if we do not do this, we will not manage to be successful through declarations alone.
We must create more links with rural development which will really benefit the people who live in rural areas.
Joint removals of irregular migrants to Afghanistan and other third countries (debate)
Developments in the investment climate and the rule of law are essential components in Russia's forward development.
Let us move, now, to the most important problem - the financing of infrastructure.
I can only underline that, whatever method is chosen, it will need to be a bilateral agreement between the two countries, Slovenia and Croatia.
This is something which is, truly, very important.
We do not know what to do with the nuclear waste from this project.
Admittedly, the Internal Market Scoreboard is an important statistical tool, but it is completely inadequate since it concentrates exclusively on the functioning of the consumer sector, but without attempting to resolve the problems of EU consumers within this market.
Migration.
I nevertheless believe that this report, pending the imminent publication of the Commission White Paper, can allow the continuation of an effective working relationship between the Member States and EU institutions on the difficult issue of the modernisation of European pension systems.
I have received an assurance from the President of Poland, that now, when the Irish referendum has returned a positive result, he will sign the Treaty of Lisbon without delay.
Three joint political declarations have been signed respectively with Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific, plus one with the ACP group as a whole.
This requires better information about education and training paths, including a clear picture of job opportunities.
We have to make all possible efforts to ensure that the overall deadlines are met through the contributions of the individual Member States, in the fields both of employment and innovation, and of energy.
It is incumbent upon all of us to learn them.
I would ask you to stop speaking now, because we allowed you the floor even though it was not a procedural motion that you were tabling.
Mr President, when we look at the news on the Fukushima accident and the debates on the consequences, we do not see the shareholders there.
Essentially, millions of Europeans will be better protected by this instrument.
The current status of this issue is pathetic.
During this event we will talk about economic growth, sustainable development and political governance, considering several dossiers, including an examination of the agriculture and food safety sector in the context of the Millennium Development Goals.
According to media reports, this campaign was supported by the United Nations, even though psychologists confirm that growing up with a father AND a mother as role models is of key importance for a child's development.
The debate is closed.
However, I have been annoyed by the statement made by my fellow Member on the other side of the House, Mr Kirilov, who has virtually repeated word for word the speech made by the president of my party, Volen Siderov, in Bulgaria's National Assembly just a few days ago.
If natural gas fields in Iran and Iraq are also to be closed to Europe, then we will probably experience the same fate as Verdi himself, as he did not find peace for years after his Nabucco project either.
Secondly, and principally, the derogations provided for in the case of trade defence instruments (specifically anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures, as well as safeguard measures), according to which Member States will have more intrusive control over the Commission, are unacceptable, as they will make it more difficult to apply these measures and will lead to their politicisation.
I would also like to recall on this occasion the advantages and disadvantages of the comprehensive network.
Even in this Parliament, that still appears to be difficult.
Declaration of financial interests: see Minutes
- (SK) In my opinion, it is right for the European Commission and the European Parliament to be involved in regulating charges for passenger safety and protection in air transport.
We must also direct our attention to those countries which are very weak in terms of economic development and have poorly developed economies.
We cannot remain silent.
Given this, we are very justifiably concerned about the news which we recently received that the status of the Tibetan language as a language of instruction might be being weakened.
We were sold the European Arrest Warrant on a promise that it would be used to send terrorists to justice, but the miscarriages of justice in the case of Garry Mann, Deborah Dark, Edmond Arapi, Andrew Symeou and many others, had no terrorist elements at all.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this report has been approved unanimously in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
As for farmers, their main role is, as I have already said, agricultural production; they are the ones who work with these natural resources and it is also because of this activity that a portion of CAP funding is allocated to that policy.
Farmers obviously need substantial direct support, including in the future. However, the current disparities between Member States in terms of direct payments can no longer be maintained because this has a direct impact on the competitiveness of agricultural products in the single market.
Firstly, we should not devote the debate on public finances to issues relating to austerity alone.
My group supports it as much as it supports the euro, that is to say, totally.
Another reason is that we are experiencing a crisis of values, making it essential that all of us, not just the Commission, change our personal attitudes.
Admittedly, we cannot be satisfied with Community legislation, or often even with that of Member States, as we often see proof of how ineffective these regulations remain.
This is a country that is very close to us and a country we want to be closer to.
This is excellent legislation, and I would like, in particular, to compliment my colleague, Barbara Weiler, on the manner in which she brought this through.
This principle should be included in the common agricultural policy (CAP) in order to promote sustainable economic growth and rural development: farms, rural tourism, direct marketing and social services are the cornerstones of a rural supply structure, and should be supported sustainably through the CAP.
Should we not adhere to the same principle with fossil oil as we do with biofuels, which is that the default values are differentiated according to the source of the raw materials?
When does the Council intend to reach a decision on the establishment of this future observatory?
The text that we have adopted today is much better than the one that came from the committee, because we have made it clear in the text that the division of Kosovo is not an option.
The Mexican Government is trying to bring the situation under control by means of a massive military and police operation.
This is a lost opportunity, in terms of growth, which we will no longer be able to allow.
Publicity mechanisms, the web and other effective methods can be simplified even further in both the Commission and Parliament.
But this is only a first step in a very long process.
Yet no additional resource could be allocated to the 2010 budget, and the same goes for 2011.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, firstly, I would like to congratulate my colleague, Derk Jan Eppink, on his comprehensive and well negotiated report, covering so many topics.
I would also need to add that the Commission only verifies aid given to housing companies.
On the other hand, we need to have an intensified dialogue with, and to support, civil society and citizens - and, in practical terms, that means continuing our assistance to NGOs, the media and students, and perhaps an increased effort to enhance mobility for citizens who wish to travel to the European Union.
We simply do not have enough.
In the context of upcoming Duma and Presidential elections, the standards of the electoral process will receive particular attention.
In line with the Council's decision, the start of negotiations for all the Southern Caucasus countries will be conditional on sufficient progress in meeting the necessary political conditions, namely the rule of law and respect for human rights, the principles of the market economy, as well as sustainable development and good governance.
On the contrary, I believe that to be precisely the political responsibility of the European Parliament in the current circumstances.
The vote will take place at the end of the debates.
I believe it to be of fundamental importance that the European Union should take an all-embracing approach in its dealings with Central Asia and that we should not focus exclusively on individual regions.
We have the Nobel prize-winner who could not attend the meeting in Oslo.
This is subject to the Euratom Treaty, and very clearly there are additional requirements.
The majority of its operations in external regions have benefited from an EU budgetary guarantee administered by the Commission with a view to supporting the EU's external action, and enabling the EIB to finance investments outside the EU without affecting its credit standing.
That is to be welcomed.
Our EU budget should be used productively to develop the huge amount of creative energy around us into true wealth-creating businesses, providing sustainable jobs and a prosperous and rich future for our people in Wales and beyond.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Why is the telecom package so important?
We all know that Cuba is today at a turning point in its history.
We are fully in agreement with them.
The human factor is at the heart of research and innovation.
While we can understand that, with regard to emerging countries, there are leanings towards really opening up the market to promote the development of those countries and thus new markets, much less understandable is a lack of reciprocity in terms of legislative barriers and tariff barriers with regard to the most developed countries: the United States, Canada, Australia and Japan.
Too often we lack sufficient data, statistics, which are indispensable as a basis for our work in better monitoring, better understanding and, of course, better combating child abuse.
It takes up the key points of the position that we have been defending within the Committee on the Environment for several months, and which were designed to make this text an ambitious, yet realistic, piece of legislation in tune with the problems in our countries.
As such, a possible grant could be used retroactively for emergency operations from day one of the disaster.
The governance framework must be reformed extensively.
For example, in my own country, it has only been in force since June.
The millions that have been spent on communications with the citizens have been to no avail.
Mr President, Commissioner, I sincerely congratulate Mr Dumitriu on a good report - a continuation of the reports which were drawn up earlier, in which we talked about promotion and sums of money allocated to promotion of the European Union in third countries.
This story, going back to the late 1940s, is a sad story which ended in creating a false idea about them.
President of the Commission. - Mr Weber, we all regret recent events that have caused the loss of many lives.
We believe that the prime objective of foreign policy should be achieving disarmament at international level: zero armament, using pragmatic policies that respond to the current causes of insecurity in the world.
This is a fact, and next we will be able to discuss the tax on banking or taxes on banking transactions, because, I stress, the rest is a fact.
Finally, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his cooperation and to wish the Commissioner luck with the huge task - as I know - of making the other Commissioners in the Commission College aware of the importance of culture and young people.
According to surveys, the Slovaks living in Hungary feel at home in their newly chosen surroundings and the local authorities are now thinking about providing Slovak-language nurseries and schools, even though they are not Hungarian citizens, because bilingualism is an important value in Hungary.
They represent savings of EUR 50 billion on imports of oil and gas, a million more jobs in the renewables sector and the same number in energy efficiency by 2020.
This further highlights the undue haste with which the German authorities acted.
The main point is not whether or not we shall have an increase in the budget, but where the money will go.
The social responsibility is asymmetrically distributed between the majority and the minority, because the majority has far more responsibility, but the minority, in this case the Roma, also has its own responsibility.
This would demonstrate our desire for transparency and our intention not to give ourselves special treatment.
This is a direct consequence of the internal market.
European parties, with their own ideological and political attributes, must acquire a clear legal personality.
Crucial issues that the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) has been supporting with regard to reviving European economies in the context of the current crisis have now been endorsed, by means of an emphasis on the cohesion policy to promote growth and competitiveness, especially of SMEs, the main driving force of job creation.
Our position is very clear with regard to both the ICC and human rights.
It is essential that Parliament be able to commit itself to working quickly to review the structure of the Solidarity Fund, simplifying it and sending aid faster so that we can quickly provide relief to people from whom we cannot request more time.
The directive - and here I wish to reassure Mr Harbour - does indeed provide for this mechanism, which means that it can be constantly updated to reflect the latest available scientific data.
Beyond that, we are now seeing an apparently never-ending power struggle being played out.
Therefore, we have a good Regulation that brings about the open declaration in three steps - you know what they are - firstly, the components in descending percentage order; secondly, the provision of information to feed businesses with a ± 15% tolerance - in this regard we have not laid down a reservation of intellectual property rights in this legislation, but rather referred to the general legislation - and thirdly, the provision of exact information to the authorities.
I am also thinking of what can only be described as the incitement to violence perpetrated by the media and advertising.
The measures should therefore also support the adaptation, including, when relevant, the reorganisation, of areas dependent upon banana exports through sector-specific budget support or project-specific interventions.
It is true that the crisis in Greece is very serious, but we all well know that it may, unfortunately, spread.
The total number of cities committed to the Green Digital Charter has increased from 14 to 21.
I would like to say in conclusion only that we are extremely disappointed not to have reached an agreement, but if you keep on refusing to see the reality of everyday life, which is that 15 of the 27 Member States are using the opt-out and that there are currently not enough workers in many professions to do the job, especially in the new Member States, then the opt-out simply has to continue being the reality of the day.
The people who constructed Europe did so with a long-term vision and a keen sense - following the fratricidal wars that divided us - of the importance of specific policy.
With this legislative instrument we will be able to make progress, not only from a trade perspective but, I hope, from a political and cultural perspective too.
There is meant to be patent protection in South Korea, but will a Korean court really find in favour of a British company against a Korean business?
Mr President, I would like to thank all those who have contributed to this debate.
The judiciary ought therefore to be the highest guarantor of the individual rights of people seeking international protection; to achieve this, it will be necessary that applicants who might require it are provided with legal assistance.
I welcome the decision made by the President of Bolivia, Evo Morales, to hold the Peoples' World Conference on Climate Change and Mother Earth's Rights.
The fellow Member spoke about it and I then wanted to ask him a question, but was not given the floor.
I deeply regret that we pro-reformists, who really wanted the agricultural policy to be reformed, have turned out to be prophets of doom.
That is my offer to everyone, including Mrs Harms and Mr Turmes, and I am prepared to take a critical and transparent approach to the next steps in the process.
To achieve that, the Structural Funds could be turned into budget support to the poorer regions.
There is no point in signing off on a brand new economic governance package if, the very same week, Member States question the methodology and independent Commission recommendations in the country-specific exercise.
Much will now depend on how the compromise is implemented - the ball is therefore back in the court of Ms Ashton, the Member States and the Commission.
This must be taken seriously.
In the public's eyes, it is only worth having the single market if it puts them in a win-win situation.
Because one of my frustrations at the moment with the budget is how we deal with negative priorities.
Implementing European arrest warrants also proved very effective.
In other words, when numerous farms in the Union are in danger of going out of business, due to enhanced animal welfare standards, products will be imported from third countries that do not even meet the specifications which apply in the Union today.
(EL) You are absolutely right Mrs Rapti.
This resolution ramps up the pressure on President Obama to come up with specific proposals, because that will do little to increase the chances of success in Copenhagen.
If we do support companies, why Nabucco?
Parliament is prioritising the European Economic Recovery Plan, with financing of EUR 2.4 billion for the coming year.
Finally, it is important, in my view, to attempt a better integration of energy grids, for example with the Baltic States.
The issue on Italy within this resolution is essentially a national political debate, and we, as the European Parliament, must hold back from intervening in a debate such as this one.
I said that in 2008, the Commission had communicated a reasoned opinion to Belgium on the lack of safeguards to guarantee the independence of the infrastructure manager from rail undertakings in the exercise of essential functions, track allocation and charging.
This is essential to the future of the textile and clothing industry in the European Union and in particular for SMEs.
(PT) Madam President, Commissioner, this case is a very concrete one in which the distinction we made a short time ago, in the previous debate, between protection and protectionism, applies very well.
Is he able to give us any timetable, long term or short term, within which we will be able to grant Turkey the right to become a full member of the European Union?
It is almost incredible that eight ratifications are still missing in the case of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography; four in the case of the Palermo Protocol, which is the basic document for international cooperation in combating trafficking in human beings.
If we can get that sense of priority there and timing and speed to come up with the best solutions quickly, I think that is the way that I commend you to think about moving forward.
Mr President, I just wanted to congratulate the Commission and its President, José Manuel Durão Barroso, on the ambitious, very pro-European programme that he has presented here today, which is clearly in line with the objectives of the Spanish Presidency of the European Union and with the programme of the trio of presidencies made up of Spain, Belgium and Hungary.
At Internal Market level, the effects are negative for the production of European countries like Portugal.
This report endorses the aims and proposals set out by the G20 and the Basel Committee, to ensure banks hold sufficient amounts of capital of a suitable quality, and that they have the liquidity and stable funding necessary to withstand tough market conditions.
We also welcome the minor successes, such as the support granted to dairy producers or the microfinance facility for SMEs, achieved after lengthy debate.
I support this agreement negotiated between the European Community and the Federation of St Kitts and Nevis, establishing a visa exemption for entry and short stays in order to facilitate the movement of their citizens.
To my mind, European solidarity must fully come into play between Member States and third countries.
(Applause)
European energy policy is standing before a breakthrough; the Member States have signed the agreements - I will be signing the Slovak-Hungarian agreement with the Slovak Prime Minister next week - that will enable the first north-south gas distribution network, ranging from the Baltic Sea to the Adriatic and through Romania to the Black Sea, to commence operation, thereby creating a complete interconnector.
That concludes the 'catch the eye' procedure and I apologise to the 11 or 12 Members who were on the list and have been unable to speak, but clearly there is no time for their speeches.
The idea of territorial cohesion must itself be based on the idea of making an area which people are deserting attractive and viable.
You have the power to send out a strong message to our citizens that we are now building a citizens' Europe, a social Europe, to demonstrate to both our citizens and the world around us that the EU is prepared to take responsibility for global justice, human rights and the global environment and to demonstrate the power we have with our votes to send out the message that European citizens are expecting of this Parliament.
The question is: why is this directive, which is so important and so universally longed-for, difficult to apply?
Colleagues, we know of course that we have to strengthen and deepen economic coordination and convergence inside the eurozone.
President-in-Office of the Council. - In times of economic crisis it is always the most vulnerable who suffer the most - children, young people, old people, people with disabilities - and that is why we, as responsible politicians, have to be very aware of this.
The Gauzès report is, unfortunately, a lost opportunity when it comes to achieving the effective regulation of the speculative funds that are at the root of the crisis.
Own resources represent an opportunity to reduce - I shall say it three times - to reduce - that time, it was for the benefit of all the conservatives - to reduce national contributions and, at the same time, to strengthen the European budget.
We took the view that it is not just any other service, that we must ensure that we introduce safeguards which will protect our citizens from organised crime and that we require clear rules to that end.
Jean-Claude Trichet, President of the European Central Bank, has managed during his mandate to resist pressure from Heads of State or Government.
I am also very concerned that when we look at the criteria for regional policy and funding, it should not just be GDP that we consider.
It is very harmful to public opinion if the situation of a negative DAS is sustained year after year.
Human Rights violations in China, notably the case of Liu Xiaobo (vote)
It is only the PVV.
in writing. - (DE) Greater coordination and closer monitoring of economic policy in Member States is essential if we are to learn from the mistakes of the economic and financial crisis and combat the current debt crisis in some Member States.
I look forward to working closely together with my colleague Mr De Gucht in order to secure the necessary time for the adjustments that are needed, taking into account the pace of the ongoing CFP reform.
At this moment, I would also add that we want to involve local governments in the process of implementing the strategy as well as third countries, as was already mentioned by the Minister.
Having heard the different aspirations of various people, this text strikes a certain balance.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to ask the Commissioner if these extraordinary grants also include social measures for small and medium-sized enterprises.
I am also interested, however, in the fact that we have had information that a case has been passed on to the European Anti-Fraud Office in relation to the Economic and Social Committee.
Austerity champions at home, big spenders in Brussels.
The damage is extensive, and I call for these regions to receive emergency European aid.
This is a global issue.
The Treaty of Lisbon had not entered into force before the 2009 European elections, so the latter were held in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty of Nice, meaning that the European Parliament currently has 736 Members rather than 751.
I would like to draw attention to the fact that what we are doing is an expression of the continuity of the functions of the Council, Parliament and the Commission.
I am not surprised that you did not hear the social pact mentioned, because it is an important part of this strategy.
Moreover, it is stipulated that five shall speak, although we have given 10 the floor.
There cannot be a European regulation forcing every Member State to take part in this.
This fund supplements the Member States' public funds in emergency situations, specifically for urgent infrastructure repairs, temporary shelter and emergency services to cater for the people's immediate needs, as well as clearing up in the areas affected by the disaster.
I have to say that I condemn the European Conservative and Reform Group when they oppose paragraph 10 in our text and seem to suggest that Europe can say one thing about democracy and do another about undemocratic countries when it suits us.
Perhaps it was a solution when we had plenty of fish in our waters, but now we have real problems.
The European Union's cohesion policy tries to gloss over this anti-grassroots policy, to buy people off, to disorientate the workers and, more importantly, to secure the profitability of capital.
They are cleaners - you have mentioned prison officers - but I should also like to mention people working in the school environment, in all areas of medicine in schools.
The second problem is overfishing.
There has been, for instance, the creation of a permanent stability mechanism, which was not even provided for by the Treaty.
Development cooperation is the only external action policy which defends the most marginalised and vulnerable groups of society.
How will the Spanish Presidency and the Commission pave the way for a binding climate agreement in Mexico?
in writing. - (BG) Unfortunately the EU still does not have an effective energy security policy.
I believe that in five years' time, when it will be the 20th anniversary of Beijing, we should finally be able to celebrate greater progress in resolving gender inequality worldwide.
I regret that it does not go far enough.
9.
We have succeeding in creating more democracy within the European Union, but we have not done enough to enable citizens to participate more effectively in decisions and in European debates.
Air transport is in fact waiting for practical and tangible measures that will enable the requirements not only of carriers, but above all of passengers, to be met.
This report fails to disguise the truth, despite its outpouring of fine feelings.
I will start by mentioning what, I am sure, was a very successful visit to this House yesterday by the Prime Minister, Jadranka Kosor.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) I will respond to all of the questions later, in one go.
There are a few weak statements, but that is not what we originally wanted.
The fact is, such disparities are incompatible with a common asylum system which ought to offer equivalent protection throughout the EU.
It was not the watered-down original - as my colleague, Richard Corbett pointed out - but, after critical amendments were proposed by Arlene McCarthy, the ban was voted through in the committee and now in Parliament.
Fines, however, are often an unsuitable way of guaranteeing compliance with rest periods, which can only be possible when a vehicle is immobilised.
The reason why the Danish Liberal Party voted against this proposal is that this premium is only paid in Denmark, Sweden and Slovenia, where, as we know, bullfighting does not happen.
I think it is very important that during these months we all show how relevant all our institutions are to the wellbeing, prosperity and solidarity of our citizens.
I call on both governments to use bilateral opportunities to agree on a uniform interpretation of the agreement and to foster an atmosphere of good neighbourly relations, and one which could bring the accession process to its successful conclusion.
At the juncture of the 20th and 21st centuries, with increasing tendencies towards authoritarianism, Belarus became the odd sick man of Europe.
It is also regrettable that adequate compensation for these regions has not been found at Union level.
As we have seen tonight, the politics of the trade in bananas is contentious.
We are therefore concerned about those prisoners who could be facing the death penalty.
If we compare this situation to that of another country, let us say Belarus, which is still is considered a pariah country in Europe, a country that apparently actually forms part of an axis of evil, it is hard to understand how we can continue to talk about Turkey joining Europe.
A couple of procedures aimed at combating distortion of competition and price fixing will not be enough to resolve this problem.
Lapsed written declarations: see Minutes
Are we going to allow the US to transfer information to any country or are we going to set out some clear criteria for that?
The EU is not only the main investor or the most important or second most important trading partner; it is also the biggest donor of development aid.
If we wish to achieve these objectives, we must seize the opportunities now.
It reiterates the concern expressed during the approval of the Community budget for the current year in terms of the narrow margin for agricultural spending and supports the provision for a sufficient margin in the 2011 budget.
I also agree with:
Israel has mighty allies outside of Europe too.
Freedom of expression, freedom of assembly and freedom of movement in countries such as Belarus should be a priority, and it is therefore necessary to call for the immediate and unconditional release of these people, who cannot be called anything other than political prisoners.
Today is a good day for the European Union's climate and environmental policy.
What is certain, however, is that in this process, the Council has learned lessons and taken due note of Parliament's concerns.
Let me say just a word on the outlook for EMU during challenging times.
For France, this text is perfectly balanced, it is a good compromise, and here I mean that, with regard to those infamous controversial amendments, what has been proposed in the end is intelligent, in my opinion, because it makes it possible to implement intellectual property rights on the Internet without compromising freedom of access to the latter.
It is not an ideal solution, but it helps.
President of the Commission. - Thank you very much, Mr Kamiński.
In fact, the modelling of relations between the Commission and Parliament is - rightly, in my view - derived from this, in the manner that has already been tested and whipped into shape over decades (if not centuries) in each of the Member States.
Substantial mineral and oil resources could make Guinea one of Africa's most prosperous nations.
I am fundamentally in favour of this idea, but I cannot agree to your suggestion of leaving it to the Member States to fix the rates of reimbursement.
Let me start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs, who spent this morning working on the motion for a resolution that will be presented tomorrow.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we have just voted on the revised directive on combating late payments in commercial transactions.
Moreover, the idea of calling the future representatives 'ambassadors' is provocative, given that the European Constitution, which provided for a European foreign affairs minister, has not been adopted.
This would have supported the brutal war policy of the Sri Lankan government and given clearance for attacks on civilians.
These credits exist, and I think that they must be utilised in order to provide more effective support for the development of the real economy, innovation and employment.
The report recognised that such challenges will require a variety of policy responses, including the strengthening of solidarity between the generations in terms of long-term care, greater recognition of professional carers and, most importantly, greater support for family carers.
We are therefore still in the hands of those who would like to take an initiative in this regard.
That is why I will present my position on behalf of the Commission tomorrow evening to all 27 nuclear watchdog bodies, based on thorough groundwork, telling them that we need to take all risks into consideration, regardless of their origin.
For more than 10 years, Putin and Medvedev tolerated, and possibly protected, an appalling catalogue of abuses and crimes, including stage-managed trials, press control and political murder.
Here is a fact: men have a right to be fully involved in the first few days following the arrival of their child in the family.
Ultimately, the aim is for people to be able to find a better job, but also, as the explanatory statement says, for them to have 'the opportunity to shape the jobs of the future'.
It is right that we should be steering the banks back towards their primary role of financing economic development, but we must make sure that they are not penalised disproportionately.
If you do really well, you may even be drawing up the exit strategy.
As Mr Kovács stated, there is a single economic area within the European Union in which tax information should enjoy the same freedom of movement as people, so that each Member State can apply its tax regime.
However, where this is concerned, we need to bite the bullet now, rather than prolonging the agony.
However, over time, they have entertained serious doubts about the benefits it might bring to their daily lives.
I think that it is not just of interest to the international climate negotiations that, for instance, a country like China has now accepted international consultation and analysis.
The international community made a commitment, moreover, to halve world hunger by 2015 as part of the Millennium Development Goals.
Firstly, there is the public procurement law, which should play an important role in the fight against corruption.
I voted for Mr Fernandes's report.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, I recall a few years ago asking the then Competition Commissioner whether she was aware of any evaluation being carried out on the effectiveness for consumers of fines set, and on this matter, the then Commissioner indicated at the beginning of our committee meeting that she had managed to claw back so many million euro in fines.
Trafficking in human beings (debate)
The previous major recovery plan consisted of what we call upfront funding; simply subsidising major projects, whether by means of cofinancing or not, because that is specific to Europe.
However, the delegation does not agree with the statement in paragraph 6 of the report that it is deplorable that intervention measures are being dismantled.
Mr President, Mr Svoboda, honourable Members, I believe that citizens following this debate on passenger rights and the new laws we hope to adopt in order to strengthen a system of freedom that characterises the European Union, will realise today that the Commission, Council and Parliament, and their respective staff, are not ivory towers where issues are discussed that have nothing to do with citizens, or else invade their lives in a negative way, but institutions with citizens' interests at heart, seeking to defend their rights and, I would emphasise, to protect their fundamental freedoms: no one is free unless they can move around freely from one part of the Union to another.
I therefore abstained on this text.
This could have extremely negative consequences on the overall economic performance of the whole Western Balkans region, with subsequent negative repercussions on their domestic reform and transition processes.
(PL) Madam President, Mr Tajani, about a month ago, a budget airline became insolvent, and the airline - SkyEurope - presented a bankruptcy petition.
Eighty percent of our protein crop requirement is imported, and I regret to say that this tendency is increasing.
We are also opposed to the creation of an anti-cyclical jobs fund at international level, as there is a risk that it will preserve old and obsolete structures, thereby preventing the growth and development of new jobs.
For me, the success of this will rise and fall by the fact that the Commission proposal or at least, ultimately, what is decided as a legislative proposal here, not only contains hurdles and stipulations that citizens must observe, but also stipulates that the Commission must seriously work on a citizens' initiative that has reached it, as, in my view, it would be extraordinarily frustrating if a million citizens had signed such an initiative and, in the end, the whole thing just disappeared, silently and unceremoniously, into a wastepaper basket.
Private and public broadcasting corporations can then offer content on a shared platform, and it is in terms of content that competition should come in, so that the customer can derive maximum benefit.
So separate collection is the fundamental thing and when this is done well then things can move fast.
Mr President, it is both good and necessary for this House to concern itself about the fate of the Roma.
What I said to Mr Farage two months ago I say, again, today: speeches of this kind, which make personal attacks on particular people, are not acceptable in the European Parliament.
A country is entitled to put in place the transitional rules, which Austria, for example, has done, and the opportunity exists to apply to extend these rules under special procedures if justification is provided to the Commission.
I also think that we need to realise that we cannot just carelessly give up on coal - an energy source that we have in our country and in many other places in Europe - and say 'coal produces CO2, so it is not an option'.
We are therefore seeing a process of convergence of these pieces of legislation and the expression of this will be the European Union signing the Convention.
Naturally you will understand that, in the light of our experiences with the bank stress tests, we have become more sensitive about stress tests, including those relating to nuclear power.
We have developed 11 training partnerships with Latin America, India, Canada, Turkey, Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia covering films, TV shows, animation, documentaries.
It states that only four per cent of overseas development aid is dedicated to agriculture.
On the other hand, I also think it would be a good decision not to extend loans to Belarus - previous speakers have referred to this - where, as the recent presidential election and related events have shown, democracy and human rights are not respected.
The waste hierarchy makes prevention of waste the first priority, which means substituting hazardous substances in products which prevent recycling or pose a risk to health and the environment when undergoing waste treatment.
Yet the Council has been blocking this package for some time.
Of the adaptation measures presented, I would stress solidarity among EU Member States towards disadvantaged regions and those most affected by climate change.
It should also be pointed out that the Eurogroup and Ecofin have managed the crisis well, and have also created a supervision structure for the financial system that is going to be debated in this House.
I therefore supported the resolution including the amendments proposed by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance.
On the other hand, there is dislike, and even hostility, especially from many Left-wing Members, to American policy, to American religiousness, and to American capitalism.
This is why action was urgently needed.
With the work on this matter now completed, I have mixed feelings: on the one hand, I firmly believe that things are improving, but not enough and too slowly, and, on the other, there is the fact that, at the same time, it is untenable to remain in a situation where the European Court of Auditors has not issued a positive statement of assurance for 14 years and where the European Parliament votes on discharge regardless.
This report will provide the opportunity for further political debate on the need for new EU initiatives.
Let us support it as broadly as possible and get down to work to implement it.
I must mention the fires that have ravaged my country, particularly in 2003, and I acknowledge how important and useful mechanisms like this fund have been.
It is important for Parliament as a whole also to devote its attention to this subject.
Efforts must be focussed on restoring the balance between freedom and responsibility, the values that form the basis of our social market economy, the core of our electoral platform in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
This framework is now being offered to the Member States in legislation.
Moreover, we have substantially increased the provisions on consumer protection with regard to, among other things, billing information and improved conditions for switching suppliers.
Visa-free contacts and the free movement of persons would be a great help to the Western Balkan countries on their path to EU membership.
Just like Liu, our leader, Lech Wałęsa, strove for a bloodless transition and for freedom.
I am very pleased that the final wording of Article 2 of the regulation faithfully repeats the wording of Article 11(4) of the Treaty itself.
I also wish to draw your attention to the study to be prepared on actors and the possible proposal for a directive which will be presented in 2010.
So yes, Commissioner, we agree with you. We are in agreement on these tests.
We must support the process which will allow the incorporation of Transnistria into Moldova.
All the European Commission's reports, our hearings in the Commission on human rights and the reports from civil society in Moldova indicate to us that the freedom of expression is frequently violated and that the mass media cannot be independent.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 8 June at 12:00.
We can make something really good come of this, but there are also downsides; namely the threat to the open society that the Stockholm Programme contains.
We do not have a single European airspace, and that is something that was painfully absent this time, too.
In addition, the Recovery Plan must also serve the purpose of delivering a fair international agreement to give poorer countries the opportunity to escape poverty without fuelling global warming, by helping to finance massive investment.
Firstly, the courageous report by the Swedish Presidency, which you just mentioned, Mrs Malmström.
I would also like to thank the honourable Members who have stayed here so late to help the President with his duties and also to put forward some very constructive contributions and ideas in the debate.
So I think it is unfair to look to the European Union to try to solve all the problems, where we do not have the means to do so.
Antimicrobials, when used properly, are a useful tool to help farmers keep their livestock healthy and productive.
On the other hand, it is seen as an attractive, pleasant place that gives us temporary refuge from the stress of urban and industrial civilisation.
The banks have been recapitalised and financial stability has enjoyed priority.
Aside from that, it is unacceptable.
I would, however, say to Mrs Frassoni that there is probably an error, as the European Return Fund cannot be used, in any case, for registration of the Roma.
We are fighting for access to safe drinking water and sanitation for all.
I very much regret the fact that I was unable to vote for this report, but it fundamentally challenged a belief that is dear to me.
We here in the European Parliament have always taken rail safety very seriously.
It was going to do so today, after a hunger strike that has lasted 33 days, yet an attempt is being made to prevent us from debating the matter.
It has the courage to talk of something other than further integration and consolidation of the Single Market, which has gone on for 25 years without Europeans seeing tangible benefits from it.
Now the situation is under control, thanks to the Egyptian authorities.
I think that will get support for you.
I have a nagging worry that such intervention may not be the solution.
I also agree with the issue being debated - a proposal put forward by Belgium - as to whether the use of certain weapons in conflicts can constitute a war crime in itself.
Commissioner McCreevy brought up 15% and was then beaten down to 5% by the industry.
Thirdly, the timetable for the preparatory meetings among the three institutions, or what we refer to as the pragmatic timetable: this is a point on which we need not do anything different from what we did before.
A long time ago, the European Union backed a policy of obtaining energy using technologies which ensure low CO2 emissions.
Will the models, the Norwegian model to which you referred, be an inspiration in terms of a guideline?
It is not surprising, then, that illegal immigration is increasing enormously, and this afternoon and tomorrow, we will be dealing in this House with the problems of Lampedusa and other border countries.
We firmly believe that outermost towns and regions should receive special attention.
It also gives an estimate of irregularities in the field of expenditure managed directly by the Commission and an overview of the operational activities of the European Anti-Fraud Office.
Now!
I believe that we now need to take the debate a step further so that we discuss the question of whether it is efficient enough, and so that we also obtain a significantly greater degree of transparency with regard to this.
From 18 to 29 October, the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) will take place in Japan.
To understand the safety requirement affecting the sector, one need only think that, in 2008, approximately 34 million illegal medicines were seized.
We often forget that nearly 80 million people in the European Union live below the poverty line.
Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. - Mr President, Canada is one of the oldest and most like-minded partners of the European Union.
The resulting shortage of labour poses a threat to the economic development of the EU Member States.
The consumer would be the victim, with the possibility of excluding citizens from the Internet: a very serious matter.
There are, for example, rules aimed at national parliaments that have no legal basis.
It is a real step forward, which many of us welcome.
What the Commission can say is that a proposal for the budget review will come early next year and will be the immediate task for the next Commission.
Furthermore, we must promote the specialties and traditional excellences of our countries, relaunch the European economy and guarantee the respect for the rights of workers in social, environmental and productive terms.
Discussion of the new multiannual financial framework will start soon.
It was, in fact, set up for the good of its citizens.
Poland is doing it at the moment; France is also doing it because there are contradictions between the Lisbon Treaty and some articles of the French Constitution.
I would like to emphasise clearly the need for this regulation, in view of the hitherto ambiguous arrangements for treating patients abroad, which has caused uncertainty for patients, particularly in the case of serious illnesses.
This is a bad decision.
But I think it is also important in this debate to acknowledge the role of the ILO in the developing world and its links with non-governmental organisations and the many programmes which it runs particularly targeting the most vulnerable, for example, working with people with a disability who would never have any opportunity if it were not for these programmes.
We are very concerned to see that parties of the extreme right are gaining popularity in more and more countries.
Over 35 different aspects of EU policy are to be concluded, including the areas of competition policy, financial services, agriculture, fisheries.
Therefore, it is reasonable not to include every pack of aspirins or every over-the-counter medicine automatically right from the start.
I voted to extend this regulation until 31 December 2030, as opposed to 31 December 2026 proposed by the European Commission.
The European Union now needs to be unwavering in its commitment to achieving a convincing result at the Cancún Summit.
The European Union itself is the best example of this, along with the internal market and enlargement, in other words, with the renewal of ties between Europe's geography and history, and along with the Economic and Monetary Union, whose 10th anniversary we celebrate today.
In this environment of subdued inflationary pressures, we continued with our policy of lowering our key rates further.
I think this should, at last, be said very clearly and directly.
It is essential to strengthen the framework of the economic and monetary union with the aim of securing macroeconomic stability and the sustainability of public finances, which are a precondition for sustainable performance and growth in employment.
Given the period of crisis that the country in question is facing, the plan aims to increase the amount of wine imported from Moldova.
It is not the administration that organises debates.
(CS) Mr President, Europe and innovation.
Our products are often the victims of counterfeiting and misleading markings.
The recommendation also clarifies patients' rights as specified by the European Court of Justice and the improvement in overall legal certainty regarding cross-border healthcare.
Washington's emphasis on resetting US-Russia relations appears to excuse the Kremlin's blatant interference in its neighbours' affairs, notably in Georgia and in Ukraine.
I would like to know whether perhaps the Commission has overlooked or abandoned this target.
However, he is far from making a full recovery and he could have a relapse at any time.
A code of conduct for lobbying activities is necessary.
As to the scope, noting that each nuclear plant has its own specificities, the following core areas could possibly be addressed by the assessment: flood risk, seismic risk, backup systems and emergency procedures.
The next plenary sitting apart from tomorrow's is not until 17 May, so if we do not vote now we shall be in contravention of our own Financial Regulation, which I think would be a sign of extremely poor management.
The main progress achieved by this directive, as compared with existing legislation, is that patients will be able to choose their healthcare provider and will have access to information on the quality and safety of the care they will receive.
Making full use of information and telecommunications technology is a precondition for a more competitive Europe and for sustainable growth.
Belgium and France already have legal instruments to implement it, so why not talk and bring pressure to bear with a view to a Commission proposal on a financial transaction tax?
That is why it is very important to ensure that impact studies are independent but this is, in practice, a very difficult task, given the multiple variables and interests involved.
We must then release the necessary funds to provide support for local authorities that are facing huge challenges.
If this goal is accomplished, economic growth can re-commence and the recovery process can begin.
After all, Southern Sudan is one of the poorest countries in Africa.
I urge all groups to put aside protectionism and support this agreement.
The Agreement foresees joint inspections, investigations, exchange of safety data, increased cooperation and consultations at a technical level.
Firstly, I support the amendment stating that industry must have the obligation and not just the right to make certain information on medicinal products available.
Member States have a heritage.
Patents are currently far too expensive; we absolutely must reduce the costs associated with creating them.
We are world leaders when it comes to financial services.
We regret the fact that the Council is not here to listen to Parliament's voice; it is a real shame.
It is clear that this law concerns the fundamental rules and values of the European Union, which is a community based on the rule of law.
I count on your support.
When we say that 60% of the whole energy mix should come from renewable sources by 2050, this means at least 90% of our electricity being generated from renewables.
The fact that some animal feed producers have been aware of this dioxin contamination since March 2010 without reporting it to the authorities is completely unacceptable.
To what extent do we need better labelling and tracing?
In addition, with regard to subsidiarity, all pension systems should remain 'exportable' for citizens.
It is very important at this stage to find an instrument that clearly and unequivocally informs the European public how the single market works, as well as the huge benefits that it can bring to consumers and small and medium-sized enterprises.
As it happens, today in the Chamber we have guests from the Interim Transitional National Council of Libya who met the Vice-President/High Representative last night but who cannot take part in the debate.
You all know where this crisis came from.
What about the Parliament?
The impact of her arrest is clear: those in Iran who are brave enough to stand up for those whom the state itself is supposed to protect risk being intimidated, imprisoned or worse.
Such proposals have been put forward in Parliament.
The European Commission's Green Paper presents convincing arguments as to why we need to improve current pension systems.
They have been going on not for just one day or one month, but for 50 years.
We must apply the principle of helping people to help themselves.
However, we are opposed to the amendments tabled concerning additional documents, which would make the proposal contradictory and pointless.
Many of the states that still have the death penalty as a punishment tool do not have the mechanism to deliver fair trials to those that they accuse of capital punishment crimes.
Even before I have presented the guidelines and even before I have presented myself to your group, you have said 'No'.
The present proposal fully meets the wish of Commissioner Barnier - which is also my wish - to extend effective, appropriate regulation and supervision to all actors and financial activities which present significant risks.
Economic Partnership Agreements (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
EC/Morocco agreement: Euro-Mediterranean aviation agreement, protocol following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania (vote)
The contracts went inevitably to the same people all the time who, of course, time and time again, went over time and over budget but were never penalised.
A results-based approach is also essential in relation to learning.
The EGF can provide exactly that, and that is why it was set up, in other words to provide assistance to those directly affected by the negative effects of globalisation and who, through the abrupt loss of their jobs, have to suffer the consequences of the irresponsibility of financial market speculators.
Even in such extreme circumstances, this is a balanced resolution, a resolution that can be supported by the right, a resolution which is not just a pamphlet or a political victory for the left.
Furthermore, it has clearly damaged the founding value of solidarity, which is the cornerstone and the binding force of the idea that we all share of the European Union.
The Greek crisis has proven that.
(EL) Thank you, Commissioner, for your reply.
Finally, the appropriate procedures should be used so that such people are no longer stigmatised as suspects or as dangerous.
Mr Bloom did not apologise then.
The Commission says implementation of anti-corruption instruments is unsatisfactory.
For this reason, I have voted in favour of the report and against the candidate for the position of chair of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority.
This strategy must be given time to work according to the timetable set by President Obama, with 2014 as the deadline for the complete Afghanisation of military and police operations.
That demonstrates your desire to work together towards the overall objective of social, economic and territorial cohesion.
Countries which commit fraud must leave.
This will soon be one of the most important political questions in the European Union.
Precisely for that reason, may I take the liberty of commenting on your very rational speech by drawing an analogy from the world of football.
We have reached a good compromise today from an environmental and an economic perspective.
Voters in other contributing countries will also say 'no' in the next 10 years.
So, Commissioner, could you tell us how this recognition in the new Treaty will help sport?
Liberal Chair Guy Verhofstadt did not say a word when Hungarian journalists exposed electoral fraud at the leadership election congress of the Hungarian liberal party, which was followed by the party boycotting the TV station of those journalists for a long time.
Is this something that can be considered, and where are we heading?
I cannot, therefore, agree with you on this point.
Why do farmers not welcome inspectors in, seeing them as protectors of their businesses?
This is a big opportunity, an opportunity for the industry to open up new markets and an opportunity for medium-sized companies to penetrate these markets, too.
On the contrary: what we need is the consistent further development of cooperation between our Member States and cross-border cooperation by the police and justice authorities.
The EEAS will be staffed from three sources: EU institutions, Member States, and, if necessary, host state experts.
This is a deadly cycle.
While I congratulate you on behalf of Mr Piebalgs and for my own part on the quality of your report, in which you describe the health care situation in developing countries, I should add that we are not talking about Africa alone.
This disease is often called a family disease because of the chronic stress of watching a loved one slowly decline.
I will vote in favour of his proposal to create a register of lobbyists so as to increase transparency in the European institutions.
Perhaps the Member is unaware of that.
As I said in my introduction, I am going to present a communication on sport.
Traceability is quite often seen as a burden for the food industry, but it appears crucial when it comes to an emergency situation such as the one discussed today and should be considered as a prerequisite in protecting consumers' health and safety.
The minimum wage has been reduced in Latvia, and it is lower than the subsistence level.
Throughout the region, we are making progress on visa liberalisation and people-to-people contact.
Its multiannual programme for 2009-2014 includes an express, necessary reference to the dignity of victims of terrorism, the suffering caused by this terrible form of crime, their particular vulnerability, but also, and above all, to the mandate for protecting them.
Anyone who is involved in shoplifting will be caught and punished.
in writing. - The Greens welcomed from the start the idea of supporting Pakistan's efforts to overcome the hunger and misery following the floods.
(The order of business was adopted)
Moreover, Judge Bruguière's report confirmed that the US authorities had honoured the commitments they made in 2007 regarding data protection, namely - as Mrs Ask explained very well just now - to limit data preservation and to limit access to the data, so that they are used only where terrorist financing is suspected.
This is an opportunity for Member States to better regulate the matter, but we must remember, Mr President, that citizens can order medicines from another Member State and that this regulation should not be seen as another opportunity to benefit the pharmaceutical industry.
Finally, a question about the German Chancellor Angela Merkel's 'Meseberg initiative'.
We must promote more investment programmes in our states, both in renewable energy and in areas with direct implications for climate change.
If this report also serves to further awaken people's consciences on this matter in Member States, then we can be doubly satisfied.
Following negotiations with the Council, the directive has been improved, especially on the following points:
I think the first priority in terms of prevention should be to list these sites in Europe.
As the sun of freedom and democracy rises over the Middle East, clouds of division are hampering European unity and the ability to take responsibility.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGAF) aims to support workers personally affected by redundancies resulting from major changes in world trade.
Many Italian companies, especially SMEs, have been brought to their knees due to unfair competition.
I therefore believe that it would be expedient if we were to encourage Priština and Belgrade to make a new attempt at talks, primarily and mainly on issues which are having a negative effect on their daily life and communications, such as local government, customs, education, energy, religion and culture.
I wish to call on the management, specifically Mr Filipov, to open discussions and to return to the negotiating table.
(DE) Mr President, the German newspaper, Süddeutsche Zeitung, reported today that yesterday, Monday, the office of public prosecution in Tehran demanded the death penalty for five opposition figures.
It is important that macro-regional strategies be examined in the context of the objective of European territorial cohesion prescribed in the Treaty of Lisbon and the EU's territorial development plan for 2020.
This will lead to job losses in the airline sector and consequently, less competition in the market.
The fragmentation of the internal market is reducing EU citizens' confidence in it because they are unable to take advantage of their freedoms.
I firmly believe that the pursuit of adequate privacy protection does not stand in opposition to the need to ensure greater security.
I believe the idea that an appropriately high-level Commission representative should receive the organisers of the initiative after its successful completion came from the European Parliament.
The universality of these values must take precedence over geopolitics, once again cynically revealed on 10 December 2010 when 15 countries made a cowardly response to China's express request that they boycott the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the Chinese citizen, Lu Xiaobo.
However the tensions in the euro area are not new and are well known.
Documents received: see Minutes
President-in-Office of the Council. - (HU) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Cancian, ladies and gentlemen, I would only like to add two remarks, and comment on the very valuable debate that took place here.
However, this means that, in spite of everything, human beings and Europe in particular must take responsibility for combating what we refer to as global warming.
(DE) Madam President, at present, the European Union does seem to have access to unbelievable financial resources.
I found many very strong arguments in favour of the Gallagher amendments but, in the end, voted with my group to maintain political cohesion within the group.
Mrs Laperrouze next recommended diversifying the sources and routes of supply.
However, it is still necessary to bear in mind problems which may be faced by particular economies.
I do not believe that the temporary Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013 is the right body to make recommendations for such an intermediate category.
(ES) Mr President, I believe that the situation in Tunisia has caught the European Union on the hop.
Nuclear accidents occur without warning and unexpectedly.
The king has made patient efforts to listen to protestors' concerns and enter into dialogue, but, of course, we must condemn all deaths of unarmed protestors.
I find it staggering that, when we are trying to reconnect to our citizens, people do not support transparency and openness.
With our resolution, we in the European Parliament are supporting Kosovo in this mission.
In the course of our work together, this has not always been the case, Baroness Ludford.
I hope that we will receive the necessary majority to achieve that breakthrough.
They enter addresses into this directory and then receive a bill for a thousand euro.
Last but not least, the development of centres of excellence capable of competing at international level, along with academic and cultural exchanges will contribute to territorial cohesion in the Danube Region.
12.
In order to slow down migration in a sustainable and purposeful way, five things are needed: democracy, development, respect for international law, European solidarity and also, above all, no prejudicial rhetoric.
I would say to you that if the Czech Presidency, or its successors, is not capable of doing the job, then it shows that we really do need Lisbon: we really do need somebody on a more permanent basis to give leadership to the European Union.
The European political parties contribute to creating European political awareness and expressing the will of citizens.
The Commission is ready to examine possible derogations for specific fisheries, where these are justified and well argued, and where they take into account the criteria set out in Amendment 11.
Coordination of economic and fiscal policies, broader and enhanced surveillance of fiscal policies, better coordination of macro-economic policy and, more chillingly, new enforcement mechanisms.
I particularly stressed the humanitarian situation, as has already been said, and I called particularly for the opening of the crossings and also for the possibility of at least some hours of ceasefire to allow the work of the international organisations to be carried out.
They must also not recognise or support any elections that are held before democratic legality is restored in the country.
I reiterated the very strong support of the European Union for the Arab peace initiative, and I urged partners to maintain their commitment to it, because it offers a serious framework for regional peace talks.
We have partly adjusted, but some work remains to be done.
This cannot be achieved overnight, but if we do not phase out nuclear power, we will never be safe.
We need to ensure that the recommended age for toys is based on child behaviour studies.
The Strategy for the Baltic Sea Region, which was adopted in the middle of last year, is a model of the coordination of EU policy and the financing of macro-regions - geopolitical territorial units defined on the basis of particular criteria.
With regard to imposing a ban on the use of antibiotics as additives in animal feed, this must be subject without fail to international agreement.
Year after year, we have to observe that there is still much that is in need of improvement.
If you look back to the Renaissance, one of the greatest ages the world has ever seen, we cannot attribute its impact on the world to a single date or person or breakthrough.
Legal and judicial protection of private investment is one of the keys to Africa's economic and social development.
What did Mr Prodi say about the Stability Pact in 2002?
Let us take the example of the armed forces.
(FR) Mr President, I welcome the future independence of Southern Sudan and I congratulate the Southern Sudanese people on having achieved it.
Although we would like to draw up a European security policy capable of meeting the security needs of all EU members, we must accept that a security structure already exists which acts as the centre of gravity of the majority of EU Member States' defence. I am talking about NATO.
However, over and above the mechanisms provided for by the committee procedure - and I am addressing Mrs Rühle here - I personally undertake to keep you constantly informed of the progress of the work on these two substances.
The CAP must respond to this challenge.
Explanations of vote
Organic production and labelling of organic products (
It is important that the solutions that we put forward and that you are working on to get us out of this economic crisis reinforce our social market economy.
Indeed, we are obliged to put Europe's workers in a position to adapt to the requirements of the economy.
Criminals often profit from illegal shipments, as traffickers involved in the scam often trick authorities by not labelling goods as electronics, by pretending they are for re-use, or by hiding them in the middle of a container for shipment.
There are people in this House who have years of experience, who have come through revolution and change and who have a huge amount to offer.
However, if we do not want to bring the reformist politicians in Islamic countries into conflict with their religious authorities, we should, in my opinion, strive to find a platform for constructive dialogue with Islamic spiritual leaders regarding the peaceful coexistence of civilisations ...
Secondly, we recommend a financial supervision system that will combine, in the future, the national supervision authorities and the three European bodies, the creation of which is under way as part of the European legislative procedure.
In the United States, they have an early-warning system to that end.
Faced with growing movements of people between Member States in the Schengen Area, as well as the latter's enlargement, we must improve the handling of data to ensure that this freedom is exercised in total security.
(DE) Thank you, Madam President.
The Treaty of Lisbon compels us to have a better understanding of the challenges which are before us.
The rapporteurs yesterday boasted about standardisation, and yet this is allegedly a Union of diversity.
I will say this, however: we need some major reforms, or important reforms, and these important reforms, at European level and nationally, will demand budgetary choices.
What the Bureau has now decided is completely counter-productive and I would like to ask you, please, to bring this matter up at the Conference of Presidents and to answer this protest.
It is not the Member States of the European Union which are the major emitters, but the rapidly growing economies of developing countries such as China and India, and they do not intend to reduce emissions.
The following amendments have been proposed:
The first is the credibility and the role of our own Parliament.
How do you want to get rid of this intolerable discrimination which derives from the fact that we Hungarians, for instance, had to hand over our markets lock, stock and barrel to the European Union, but we have received only a fraction of the subsidies?
This promotion must be understood by the European institutions and national governments as a crucial element in confronting the challenges facing the European productive sector.
The second open question, and this would be of interest to me: what experiences have people had with wet leasing?
I congratulate Mrs Roth-Behrendt, Mrs Grossetête and Mrs Wallis, who have tabled the motion for a resolution - they have done an excellent job.
Mr President, of course we are all in favour of lower charges when travelling abroad with our mobiles - you would have to be insane to be against that, but that is only one part of the equation.
The majority of the victims of the theocratic regime in Iran are unknown.
In this situation, cooperation between the Union and Council is vital for guaranteeing energy requirements and avoiding a rise in the oil price on the global market.
This is an issue we must address, and we must cultivate in Europe the risk-taking spirit that exists in the USA among the young generation of Americans.
However, it is here that important matters will be decided.
However, we should not fall into the trap of safety hysteria and kill innovation, and we should not discriminate against novel food, placing it a less favourable position than products already on the market that do not necessarily have a nutritional advantage for consumers; nevertheless, consumers have freedom of choice.
The opportunities for adult education are still not being fully exploited, however, even though there is enormous potential in this area.
in writing. - With civil and ethnic wars gradually replacing interstate wars to dominate the scene of 21st century conflicts, the line drawn between peacekeeping and peacebuilding is increasingly blurred.
I believe that should also continue to be the case.
I am voting for this recommendation and welcome the creation of a dispute settlement mechanism, which should provide streamlined and effective redress procedures within firm time limits.
This should increase the pressure on Eritrea.
The situation is urgent, but even so we cannot accept the Commission's decision to draft the framework without public consultations with the parties involved.
We would like to see slightly more substance in the measures which the European Commission and Council are adopting, as well as slightly more focus on the actual citizens of Belarus, because this is the way to get the citizens themselves to rally behind the cause which we are trying to promote there in dialogue with the Belarusian authorities, namely, democratisation, openness and the holding of free and democratic elections.
That kind of support, necessary though it is, must not be given at the expense of the economy, trade and wealth creation.
I believe, too, that a number of you, Mrs Vergnaud, Mr Rossi, Mrs Stihler, Mrs Rapti, have referred to the inadequacy of the resources made available to SOLVIT, not only in France, by the way, even though I clearly heard what you said.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30.
Political awareness on the part of the people and civil activism are not a burden for society: they should be something that enriches it.
Concerning the issue of the defamation of religion, I am extremely worried that it is a UN body that is able to adopt resolutions calling for a total ban on the defamation of religions or on offending religions.
I would ask the Commission to view this issue for a moment from a child's point of view.
Mr President, Mrs Győri, Commissioner, today, we find ourselves discussing in this House a joint proposal for a resolution on the revision of the Small Business Act, which the Commission submitted in February.
In an increasingly globalised world, it is essential that the EU make use of its international influence to ensure that workers' rights are protected in a model that respects personal dignity.
It should be already available, therefore, rather than needing to be put together in a hurry in case of an accident.
Visa-free travel is based on mutual trust and commitments.
In addition, the recent launch of the newspaper Il Fatto Quotidiano shows that there is a critical press in Italy and that it has room to manoeuvre.
Many Members and others listening to this debate may be interested in visiting this website.
All of Europe is fighting against poverty.
Romania was one of the first countries in Europe to have signed the Kyoto Protocol, which meant that it assumed its commitment to support the battle against climate change through reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 8% by 2012.
Firstly, the principle of equal treatment for Parliament and the Council, which strengthens the democratic warrant of the European Union.
In the light the above, the foundation for the Commission's action plan on urban mobility will be completion of ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon and implementation of the Czech Presidency's programme.
He brought forward a rich and comprehensive report and I am delighted that the emphasis has been on a few simple things.
It analyses clearly the issue of the new proposed banking regulation that is under review (Basel II), and gives a detailed analysis of its main points, which, at present, are being discussed at the practical and academic levels.
Above all, this commitment was made by the EU because it would be impossible for a country like Lithuania to fund all the power plant decommissioning work on its own.
I would have liked us to denounce the abuses of power committed by the Iraqi forces and by the occupying forces, and also to denounce child soldiers and - especially today, on the International Day of Violence against Women - the violence to which women in Iraq fall victim, in the context of this conflict.
After all, we now know that this Opel plant is one of the most profitable, one of the most efficient plants within the General Motors group - and yet they want to close it.
We are now digesting all these different ideas and we will present a communication in May.
I have voted in favour of the motion for a resolution, as the people of Haiti need our help and the Western world must face up to its responsibilities.
We will need to resolve the complex dairy issue.
Since the regime change in Turkmenistan, we have increased our cooperation in this area.
(SK) The most important item for the forthcoming Council meeting will be to complete the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty and to bring the Treaty to life.
1.
Can the Council give further details on the recently announced Joint Programming Initiative on combating these illnesses?
Another drawback with the EU's policy is the outsourcing of emission reductions to developing countries by means of the Clean Development Mechanism.
(DA) Mr President, I, too, would like to see clear rules for the European parties, but I must essentially question what the point of the European parties actually is.
Honestly, though, can we, here, have a clear conscience when a child is dying of hunger every five seconds?
(LT) Madam President, rapporteur, ladies and gentlemen, I agree with the initiative and trust that it can help people and companies at national level.
For the European Parliament to remain credible, it needs to call a spade a spade, even if that may be embarrassing.
This industrial action brought very serious disruptions to flows of freight through this vital trans-European route.
So I am going to play the role of honest broker in anticipation of the final agreement.
Indeed, his report calls for greater resources so that the Union can better implement its objectives as set out in the Treaty of Lisbon.
Good morning Mr President, ladies and gentlemen.
I consider the involvement of Parliament in international negotiations a major step forward, facilitating Parliament's consent and giving more predictability to the procedure.
The current regulation is good, but my group is of the opinion that it could and should have been even better.
As long as no peaceful solution and no lasting understanding can be found, we will never solve these problems.
To repeat, this was not within the Community's competence at all, but events have shown that a national approach was an obsolete approach.
The May 2005 'Council of Europe Convention on the Action Against trafficking in Human Beings' has only been ratified by nine countries, two thirds of women trafficked for prostitution come from Eastern Europe and yet, countries like the Czech Republic and Estonia have not signed the convention.
It is crucial to strengthen the urban dimension of cohesion policy and to promote sustainable urban development, particularly by strengthening and developing instruments to implement the Leipzig Charter at all levels.
I should like to conclude, Madam President, by affirming how important it is to have close cooperation between the Member States as well as great sensitivity for the application of this measure in practice, just as it is crucial not to forget the importance of psychological support for the victims.
That is very welcome.
Yet there are also hopeful signs, such as the ambitions of the new Japanese Government.
We need to know who is responsible and who needs to pay for such accidents.
We must record dangerous materials.
The EU must actively promote the appointment of as many women as possible in management positions to coordinate and ensure consistency in the EU's policies and actions and to monitor the fulfilment of its commitments.
Even so, we will act properly, and we will accordingly approve the resolution, with all its drawbacks, and as for everything else, we have missed an opportunity, but rest assured that we will be there at the next meeting, because the debate on the perspectives is not over.
the Council and Commission statements on the Review Conference of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court in Kampala, Uganda.
I would first like to offer my compliments to the rapporteur.
But sharing this best practice, exporting ideas early, is the way to avoid the trauma of legislation at a late stage.
Since I was unable to take part in yesterday's reception owing to the visit by the President of the Council, Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek, I wish to say the following to Mr Rocard.
This is why applying a reverse charge to products at a high risk of tax fraud is a reliable procedure which has a positive overall impact on the budget, even though there is a delay in payment to the national budget of the VAT accruing on the transactions liable for such a tax.
Many thanks for that.
It is an essential element of the EU's influence in the standard-setting process of the International Accounting Standards Committee Foundation.
Nevertheless, I appreciate the fact that rapporteurs from other factions have managed to edit the text a little and that it contains some good paragraphs on the situation of minorities.
Our goal must be to become an important security partner in the world.
If the experts are unable to predict the development of the birth rate even over five to seven years, how can their forecast for a period of more than 30 years have any value?
It is an issue we are going to have to keep looking at because inevitably, the threats change all the time.
The stress test also lacks clear wording on the need for the independence and transparency of the tests.
Families living in small towns and inhabitants of villages are particularly affected by poverty.
This is the case of Aminatou Haidar.
The EU must actively participate in this global effort and do its best to monitor this problem and seek lasting solutions, which will ideally be able to reconcile scientific and technological progress, and the development of populations with environmental quality and respect for nature.
The report by Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou recommends rejecting the Commission's proposal for amending a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the organisation of the working time of persons performing mobile road transport activities.
We are well aware that this is an extremely crucial issue.
As a Basque, a Spaniard and a European, I wish to denounce and condemn the appalling attitude of the dictator Hugo Chávez.
A couple of days before the war broke out in Gaza, I was representing Parliament and the EMPA in Jordan, at the last ministerial conference that took place before activities were once again suspended due to the violence in the Middle East.
The ordinary legislative procedure that is being introduced will mean that the European Parliament is given a greater role in the legislative process in a number of areas.
In the past two months following the political crisis, 22 000 people have already arrived.
What we want is clarity of law and cooperation from as many Member States of the international community as possible, so as to put an end to impunity through fair and impartial process.
One way to solve the situation is through the possibility of inter-regional cooperation.
The first concerns a greater degree of consistency between the EIB's activities and the guidelines for the EU's development and foreign policy.
11.
Moreover, unlike the European Commission's initial proposal, which restricted its implementation to the new Member States, these new regulations widen the scope of implementation to all Member States, thus avoiding senseless discrimination between marginalised European families.
At the same time, however, we must not interpret this report as meaning that the EU's borders are going to be closed.
That is why we advocate the need to enhance access by poor and fragile countries, often without institutional administrative capacities, to the facilities and credits made available by the international financial institutions and other donors.
History was written by the victors.
Finally, another obstacle to a really fraternal Union for the Mediterranean is the victims who drown on their way from the south side, partly due to the fact that European borders are completely closed to them.
A realistic policy, a policy of pressure, incentives and negotiations should be pursued by governments, while the European Parliament should condemn the violation of democratic freedoms and persuade the European Commission to use the tools which are available to the Union for this purpose, by which I mean programmes for promoting democracy.
He had two terms in office as President of the European Commission.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, I thank honourable Members for their remarks.
The problems are largely of internal origin because they stem from a lack of structural reforms.
Before the vote:
It may be justifiable, but here, among parliamentarians, among political representatives, we should be brave enough to tell the truth.
I sincerely hope ...
We ended the negotiations on 15 November shortly before midnight with the expectation from Parliament that we want to find good solutions to two fundamental matters: flexibility mechanisms, in order to ensure financing of policies resulting from the Treaty of Lisbon, and also solutions related to the participation of Parliament in the process of negotiating successive multiannual financial frameworks.
It does focus on important issues such as country of origin labelling, developing the organic market, where European products are the finest in the world, and exploiting the strengths of farming in Europe to give our farmers an advantage when taking their products to market - and this part is welcome.
I hope the split votes are not taken to delete significant portions of the report.
Last, but by no means least, we are a Community of 500 million people.
Our doings in this area are reflected in the ongoing discharge process and in many communications from the Commission, in many discharge resolutions and in many speeches in the Budgetary Control Committee.
The European Union, however, must play a stronger political role on the international stage and be able to address major challenges.
The Congo exports over EUR 250 million worth of timber and derived products, half of which go to the European Union.
However, last February Mr Rajoelina, who had been elected mayor of Antananarivo in December 2007, had, in turn, been forcibly removed from power by the previous government.
The Commission's current ideas about the future of the cohesion policy are unacceptable.
Any organisation with the opportunity to support citizens' initiatives must provide total transparency regarding the support being provided so that the signatories are aware who is behind an initiative they choose to support.
Given that public procurement represents millions of euro every year, its economic importance is in no doubt.
It would be appropriate that, in areas of exclusive competence, the EU should be the pre-eminent actor, with full membership, while the Member States might also - but not necessarily - be present as members, without, in most cases, an independent role.
Not all.
On the other hand, the new authorities in the Republic of Moldova are facing enormous difficulties.
More generally we share your concern that the EU budget be correctly implemented.
This should be a priority for us now.
Naturally, we need to review the individual projects, as well as the priorities of the human rights and democracy instrument, and subject these to continual critical evaluation.
I would like to hope that the European Union will address the murders of those high-ranking officials in Pakistan with the authorities there and call on them to repeal the blasphemy laws that have caused the escalation of religious violence.
Those who are involved in such projects, and national governments, should also be creative in drawing on budgetary resources, corporate social responsibility and private donations to find the means, at the end of day, of doing what we should all like to be done.
The report focuses on a few key points: the establishment of appropriate maritime governance structures at national and regional levels; coordinated and cross-border maritime spatial planning; maritime surveillance to protect the Member States and the EU; the protection of the marine environment; the creation of a strategy for sustainable coastal and island tourism; and the promotion of the European shipbuilding industry, which is already a flagship sector, and of maritime transport, in order to meet the ambitious objective of 'green shipping'.
For us, there still remains one point of criticism - and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs will certainly not let up in this - and that is that payment appropriations are clearly being systematically transferred from the European Social Fund, but the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is ultimately a separate and specific instrument with its own objectives and deadlines.
The forthcoming proposals on the legislative package for regional policy after 2013 might require application of implementing acts, but might also require delegated acts.
Tomorrow, we discuss the enlargement of the EU to include countries currently outside its borders, but we have not even begun to address internal enlargement, the process whereby countries inside the EU's borders gain independence.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, the reform of the GSP will be a focal point for the Council and for the Presidency.
Rural development should not, however, drain resources intended for direct payments to farmers.
The Near and Middle East regions have always been an area of diversity and cohabitation of religious minorities.
SMEs continue to come up against considerable problems in expanding their activities, and sometimes even in surviving.
Farmers see bankers getting away with blue murder in terms of no checks and balances, while they are caught for EUR 100.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, to make a personal statement, I spent a lot of time with Salmaan Taseer when we were both in our twenties.
The Commission ignored the Ombudsman's recommendation, which compelled the Ombudsman to request support from Parliament, which passed the case on to the Committee on Petitions.
(PT) I welcome the initiatives and the actions undertaken at European level to combat neurodegenerative diseases and, in particular, Alzheimer's disease.
We do not want duplication within the different institutions in terms of what we do.
The people who are worse off are finding it increasingly difficult to access healthcare, which is why, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, words are not enough: what we need ...
We object to a simplification that kills off production and producers, and we will continue to fight it in this House.
Mrs McGuinness, thank you, and many greetings to your visitors' group.
Now the governments of the European Union are being called on to act and engage in specific nuclear disarmament.
As per our suggestions, it is extremely useful with regard to the difficult issue of how to verify the signatures.
It would be a significant loss of face for us all if the financial supervisory authorities were not established by 1 January.
Thirdly, you need to continue to develop Europe on the basis of its previous successes, not on the basis of cries of doom and renunciation scenarios, and make Europe an equal partner with the US and China, and, fourthly, you need not only to ask questions about the future, you also need to answer them together with Parliament.
I am very grateful.
There is also the issue of Roma children: it is said that their life expectancy is 10 years shorter than that of the average European child.
Through the issue of Eurobonds, the crisis mechanism would be financed on the markets, drawing on foreign capital and people looking to invest, without any negative effect on national budgets.
For that reason I think, Mr President-in-Office, you will have a particular insight into the struggle in Gaza and you will understand the pain and the frustration of the people of Gaza and the people of Israel.
The basic principle 'as much as necessary, as little as possible' assumes comprehensive, sound knowledge.
I am very grateful for the fact that, in this debate, we have attached a great deal of importance to the question of simplification, including in connection with Mrs Carvalho's report.
Making buildings more energy efficient is relatively simple, relatively low cost and relatively beneficial.
In the past, the national interest clause was also abused in the case of public contracts for the army which clearly had nothing to do with the quality of security provided.
My 'chef de cabinet' informed him that we were prepared to have a meeting to explain it.
Radiation from the nuclear power plant in Fukushima is rising dramatically.
In a period of unprecedented crisis, which is destroying hundreds of thousands of jobs, everything must be done to ensure that the number of European unemployed workers or working poor does not reach 25 million by 2010.
At the same time, we consider it necessary to implement comprehensive employment and environmental initiatives in those regions affected by the closures that will probably result from the discontinuation of the subsidies.
Indeed, it leaves too much vagueness and laxity in the procedures, which creates the risk that this historic right will be misused.
Although it has chosen not to join the European Economic Area, Switzerland has repeatedly shown its interest in closer cooperation with the European Union in the education, training and youth fields.
Here we have a problem which is of direct interest to the European Union.
Coordinated action between the US and the EU is also vital to reach a more mature stage in economic and trade relations between both sides, leading to the creation of a de facto transatlantic market by 2015, with reduced bureaucracy and, as a result, a more stable and attractive environment for businesses in both markets, which offers them lower operating costs.
While thousands of people still have no shelter and the trade in children is flourishing, the country, which is ruled by a dictator, remains in a state of political chaos after the elections.
The instability comes from the European Union's actions.
It is also time for us Europeans to stand ready to respond positively to any request we may get for Europe to facilitate unprecedented dialogue leading to reforms.
A second proposal for financial assistance upon which we are voting today relates to several hundred more lay-offs in the same region.
In the last quarter of 2008, the number of registrations fell by nearly 20%, and we are expecting a fall of 11% for 2009 as a whole.
Ecuador has, incidentally, made an official request to return to negotiations on the trade agreement, and the Ecuadorean administration and the Commission are currently examining the possibility of restarting negotiations and thus the possibility of seeking an agreement on the steps to take.
Consequently, this new initiative will obviously perhaps give a boost to citizen involvement, though, on the other hand, I myself see how it could result in a situation where the Commission only replies to initiatives, with nothing concrete emerging.
Maintaining a minimum standard rate of 15% for the next 5 years will aid competition in the internal market and will provide legal certainty for companies.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this report which will ensure that all those who committed War Crimes in the former Yugoslavia will not escape justice.
(The sitting closed at 11.15 p.m.)
Therefore, and to guarantee the stability of the euro area, this report aims to amend Article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as well as to institutionalise a permanent European financial stability mechanism with the aim of guaranteeing stability and financial assistance, according to certain conditions, specifically a rigorous analysis, and the application of an economic and financial recovery programme.
Mr President, chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) risks are inherent to possible terrorist attacks, industrial accidents or natural disasters.
In any case, the Côte d'Ivoire Constitutional Court did not take that view, although the court is drawn up along political lines, just like the French Constitutional Court.
It introduces an obligation for Member States to respond to an urgent request from both the public and the private sector via the 24/7 network of contact points within eight hours of receiving the request, and introduces a monitoring obligation for Member States to facilitate the collection and provision of data about cyber attacks, including the number of prosecutions and criminal reports.
That is what we are speaking out against, because we believe that, if that had been the case, we would have been cheated in the negotiations on supervision.
After a period of little activity between 1980 and 1988, the process was given new impetus with the creation by the Council of the committee chaired by Jacques Delors, resulting in the signature of the Maastricht Treaty.
That is why the CAP should be reformed and respond to today's challenges of food production and security, the protection of the environment and the production of renewable energy.
(DA) Mr President, I think it is a really splendid agreement that has been finalised here today, and I only regret that there are some people who believed that they could protect inefficient European enterprises by saying 'no' to this agreement.
My second remark is that the short-term Operation Atalanta has already prevented several acts of piracy from taking place and apprehended a number of pirates, so within a month of deployment the effectiveness of the operation has already become apparent.
I have asked you to do something; you should tell me whether or not you are going to do it.
in writing. - The situation in Belarus is intolerable and I join my colleagues in condemning the use of brutal force by the police and KGB services against the protesters on Election Day, in particular, over a brutal attack on Mr Niakliayeu, among many cases of severe violation of basic democratic principles, such as freedom of assembly and freedom of expression, as well as of human rights, and express my concern at the attempts of the Belarusian authorities to take into state custody Danil Sannikov, 3-year-old son of the presidential candidate, Andrei Sannikov, and Irina Khalip, an investigative journalist, who have both been jailed since the 19 December election.
Russia is an important neighbour.
This is the situation we are in at the moment.
The Spanish Presidency will continue to promote it.
Doubts about the consequences of transposing this directive in the individual Member States and the deletion from the text of the amendment approved by our Member in committee induce me to abstain.
That is the thinking behind this paper.
This important milestone will serve as an encouragement for Serbia, as it has renewed its efforts to promote reconciliation in the region.
I will believe that when I see it.
At a time when we are commemorating such a significant anniversary, it is all the more dispiriting for us that, just a few days beforehand, the Hungarian Parliament, and later the President of Hungary, sign a constitution that runs counter to the fundamental principles of democracy.
We are aware of the responsibility which rests on the European Parliament.
Clearly, very important progress is therefore being made.
Unfortunately, the statistics still indicate that 95% of victims are women.
'Parmesan' - one of a number of possible examples - can be freely produced as 'Parmesan' in the United States and Australia and exported to China or elsewhere in direct competition with European products, one of the strengths of which is geographical indications.
We are simply voting on the calendar.
The number of meetings and the intensity of exchanges and negotiations between the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteurs, the Presidency at the time and the Commission have very significantly enriched the initial proposal in a number of areas.
A well functioning Single Market for services has an important potential for growth and, hence, for our economic recovery.
For these reasons, we did not vote for this report.
Nearly 10 people a day die whilst waiting.
That is doubtless true!
There is also a very strong feeling from some Member States under particular pressure that there is a lack of solidarity from others, that their need for support is not given a real practical response.
The Treaty of Lisbon provides the opportunity to develop a more thorough, coordinated and functional disaster response capacity.
Today, in the context of what is happening in the North Caucasus, although not only there, but also in many other parts of Russia, it can be said that there is no stabilisation without the rule of law.
However, I cannot give a concrete answer today on the issue of young people's participation.
This is one of the keys to the freedom of the press and without it, there can be no meaningful freedom of expression in our community.
Member of the Commission. - (RO) The Commission has noted the use of properties belonging to Greek Cypriots in the northern part of Cyprus.
Both Croatia and Slovenia must recognise that international law is necessary but, of course, also that the principles of equity, fairness and a just solution - a political solution, if you want to describe it in that way - are essential.
The debate is closed.
The world's poorest of the poor have to suffer because several countries in an economic recession are cutting their development aid, and even their humanitarian emergency aid.
It will mean that, at state level, we will be tying up money in undertakings which are not profitable, which are unable to support the jobs that we are talking about and which will not help to improve the environment.
It is important that the European Union speak in the international arena with one voice.
Such credits can help people to get out of a crisis if they are capable of doing so.
While recognising his fundamental flaws, as well as the legitimacy of the protests against what has been happening under his regime, we should give thought as to what the optimum solution would be in this situation, and what approach should be taken by the European Union.
The EU initiative 'European Capital of Culture' was created to highlight Europe's cultural richness and diversity, sharing it out and promoting mutual understanding amongst Europeans.
This relates to all the more long-term measures, in which we also need to include the debate that is beginning in the EU about tax on benefits in the financial sector and a tax that even the G20 is beginning to talk about, which is a tax on financial transactions, which is, in turn, being debated in the EU.
I would specifically like to thank the Chair of the working group, Dagmar Roth-Behrendt, and her - our - colleagues for their special commitment.
We also support the proposal that food products earmarked for distribution under the programme come from the European Union.
Mr President, could I just be allowed to focus on some of the comments that have been raised here today?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the prevention of natural and man-made disasters by João Ferreira, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety - B7-0201/2011).
The final objective, as already pointed out by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, is to succeed in collecting 85% of WEEE by 2016 and recycling between 50% and 75% of it depending on the category.
Depths of 150 and 200 metres can be reached with manned submarines.
These issues therefore fall exclusively within the remit of national law, with due regard for the relevant international obligations of Greece, including the relevant conventions of the International Labour Organisation.
Regarding the reports by Mr Tavares on the European Refugee Fund and resettlement, I would also like to congratulate Mr Tavares.
Thanks to action taken by Frontex, there has been a considerable reduction in the number of foreigners entering via the north-east sea border.
This is of strategic importance in a crisis such as the one we are going through.
I therefore voted in favour of referral back to committee.
No, that is limited to consultation.
I understand.
Under the new provisions of the Lisbon Treaty, the interim agreement between the European Union and the USA, signed in November 2009, required the consent of the European Parliament.
Finally, with regard to cards, which I mentioned in my hearing, it seems that greater clarity is needed.
Implementation of the European Progress Microfinance Facility (EPMF) seems to be slower than expected, a situation which could endanger its purpose and which is manifestly at odds with the speed of its adoption in March 2010.
However, as the rapporteur Mr Díaz de Mera García Consuegra has amply demonstrated, I do not believe that the series of countries listed should be included on the positive list since, unlike Taiwan, these do not have the same standards and requirements.
(GA) Mr President, I also condemn the killing of Ronan Kerr in a bomb attack in Omagh, in my constituency, at the weekend.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Madam President, I believe it is against human rights that we are sitting here so late at night discussing important subjects which we should really discuss during the day and not in the middle of the night when normal human beings should relax at home and go to sleep.
I have read the resolution that many of you referred to and that I understand you will vote on tomorrow.
Education is, by its own nature, unifying rather than divisive.
It sounds extremely interesting.
The EU's position, that we should not compare reductions in LULUCF-related emissions with 1990 and should use the line of business as usual, excessive emissions and how much less we are emitting than what the targets would have been, is an absurd position.
This way, we preserve the European social model.
Lastly, on 16 March 2009, the Council adopted a resolution on the EU customs action plan to combat intellectual property rights infringements for the years 2009-2012, following on from the abovementioned Council resolution of 25 September 2008.
I firmly support making greater use of the 'catch-the-eye' system for speakers, as a way of enlivening our plenary debates, and use will be made of this system after my speech.
The same speeches were made then as are being made here today, together with certain promises by the World Bank.
This time scale is very tight and I fear that there will be problems.
in writing. - I voted in favour of the Rangel reports and.
We must look at this in a wider context, not just in a social but also in an economic context, over a longer period of time.
In the medium term, Mr President, it is important that the European Union reflects deeply on a strategic approach to reforming our neighbourhood policy as we also requested of Mr Füle yesterday in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I voted in favour of this report.
The body of EU law on free movement of workers gives EU citizens the right to move freely within the Union for work purposes and protects the social rights of workers and their family members.
It is also a well-known fact that the US procedure for obtaining information differs from that followed by the majority of EU Member States.
You can be sure that we will help you.
In relations with the region of South Caucasus, the EU must be a partner to it, assisting with economic and commercial development, with security, with stability, with the promotion of prosperity, and with conflict resolution.
It is no longer enough to set objectives; we need to define instruments.
The answer: benfluorex was discussed in 1998 in the Committee for Proprietary Medicinal Products, now called the Committee for Medical Products for Human Use, of the European Medicines Agency, and subsequently in the Pharmacovigilance Working Party.
We must now acknowledge that that was a major mistake.
So this is, I think, a positive evolution.
It seems to me that coming here and underlining problems linked to aid or to limited access to social housing sends out the wrong signal.
Written explanations of vote
In December 2006 the European Parliament and the Council adopted an important decision on the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Community for research, technological development and demonstration activities (2007-2013).
It also makes this legislation important in terms of simplifying and harmonising the way in which we handle products in Europe that can be used for both civil and military purposes.
Our Parliament is composed of Members directly elected by the citizens of Europe.
Therefore, European internal legislation will have to be adapted to the terms of this Agreement.
The majority recommendation of the committee now is to approve all the candidates, with which I personally agree.
To emerge from this, we need to focus on the quality and safety of our produce.
That is precisely what happened.
There has also been a downward trend in the mortality figures recorded for tuberculosis in Romania, from 10.7% in 2002 to 7.6% in 2008.
I think 30 minutes is ridiculous.
In realising its wider aims, the US should not forget that these loyal allies have sensitivities, especially when it presses the US-Russia reset button.
I therefore support the proposal to establish a one-stop shop for the various EU financing instruments aimed at SMEs.
European leaders are agreed that it is essential to take radical action to guarantee stability in the financial system.
Second, is the substance, which is to say this legislation delivers better protection for British and other citizens across the EU.
(FR) Mr President, this debate has given rise to many speeches by transport specialists.
It is in contact with the social partners, the experts in the Member States, so that the regulation can gradually be harmonised in accordance with the need for interpretation.
Of the members of this Assembly, he is probably one of those who know this country and complex region best.
I believe that this action plan is something really important, that we must ensure the security of organ donations and transplants, that we must also give the living donors, who we also need just as much - I say that thinking purely of the many dialysis patients - the certainty of the best medical standard, and that we must be absolutely vehement in our fight against any trade in organs - in other words, voluntary and unpaid donation is the absolutely essential thing.
They propose going further down a path that can only lead to economic and social disaster and the actual implosion of the European Union.
Let me just examine a few points briefly.
It is of paramount importance to continue the support provided by the Commission and Member States in various forms, aimed at consolidating health infrastructures, along with assistance for projects, sectoral or general budget support for partner countries, and even support for international organisations.
In response to a specific question from one of your colleagues, let me say that the Commission is aware of the recent developments concerning Turkish lifting of visa requirements for Lebanon and Syria.
I will not be selling out my principles as some in this Chamber are willing to do.
Human capital investments financed by the ESF form an essential component of this policy mix in the context of the global knowledge-based economy.
Parliament's decision on this issue gives a clear signal to all other agencies and institutions that it is necessary to stick to financial discipline and to be more responsible in respect of the duties they have.
In 1979, just one year after Karol Wojtyla was elected Supreme Pontiff of the Catholic Church, while in Italy and in other countries the first European Parliament elections were being held, you were active in the then semi-clandestine trade union Solidarność, which fought to bring democracy and freedom to your country.
Turkish society is in a state of flux, it is in turmoil even, and I think that, when we discuss Turkey, we must be keenly aware that any reform in that country deeply affects relations between citizens, the establishment, Turkish history and democracy.
There was nothing in my answer that suggests an objection to having a dynamic process on SSGI.
5.
To do so, it must continue, in particular, to modernise its working methods, for example in the organisation of our debates - you alluded to this.
The cooperation with the Commission was very agreeable and for that I am very grateful.
In particular comprehensive active inclusion strategies that combine and balance measures and inclusive labour market access to quality services and adequate minimum incomes need to be implemented.
Lapsed written declarations: see Minutes
Unifying them and making them comprehensible can only help operators and users alike.
2.
I have had many discussions with the German Ministry of Health and with other authorities.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the work done by Mrs Gomes in my view makes a serious contribution to what the Commission should do in defining the framework agreement.
Community control system for ensuring compliance with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy (debate)
I am certain, Commissioner, that the new approach of the CAP after 2013 will also bear the stamp of the European Parliament.
We should focus as soon as possible on combating the diseases and parasites to which bees are subject.
The money saved as a result could be made available to programmes conducted by producers' organisations.
It must find ways to reduce the cost to the industry of complying with its requirements and, finally, it must effectively and efficiently and fairly manage the industry.
The research in this area emphasises the significant role which pre-school care has for the healthy development of children and their further integration into society.
In Madeira, support for fleet modernisation is vital as is adopting a style of management that will ensure the conservation of a broad range of species in the long term.
Military and civil information has already been collated here.
The Commission must accept the importance of agriculture.
I personally consider macro-regional strategy to be no less an important item on the Council's discussion agenda.
Because the common fisheries policy is one of the flagship policies of the European Union.
The document presented by the Commission shows that this mainly concerns promoting a knowledge-based and more environmentally friendly economy.
It is also important for young people sending text messages to their boyfriends and girlfriends. Finally, it is important for workers abroad wanting to hear their children's voice on the phone.
The Commission has been refusing to provide us with a working paper since November last year and in so doing, has obstructed the progress of the consultations about OLAF and its legal basis.
Their needs must be taken into account and they must be able to access the special protection that they are entitled to, as provided by national and EU law.
This is something that almost everyone in this House, and everyone who will be involved in drawing up the bill, will recognise.
In conclusion, we are at the moment at a particular point where the need to complete this round is very obvious and very clear, and I look forward, on your behalf - as well as that of the Commission - to continuing my efforts to ensure that we do.
The regulation is therefore the logical and only possible reaction for enshrining policy in the area of direct foreign investments as exclusive powers of the EU, which forms part of the EU's common commercial policy.
Fisheries management must be returned to the fishing nations; those fishing nations must not lose their historical rights.
We welcome every kind of simplification, although not if this means accepting provisions which are primitive.
I have therefore voted in favour of the report.
I firmly believe that it is vital to put in place mechanisms that allow the disabled to travel within the European Union on an equal footing as every other citizen.
A non-existent common foreign and security policy assisted by a huge External Action Service would seriously undermine European credibility in the world.
The new intermediate category remains controversial.
In honour of the victims' memory and as a sign of deep respect for the Roma survivors of the Holocaust, in 2007 the Romanian President recognised the atrocities suffered by the Roma and awarded the National Cross for 'Faithful Service' 3rd class to three Roma who survived the genocide.
Secondly, we need to focus on economic integration and opening up the free trade zone.
Secondly, I would like to highlight what we are referring to as the Mobility Scoreboard, in which we indicate the barriers to mobility in the Member States.
To close, Mr Delors said that no one can fall in love with the internal market.
In addition, economic development has promoted political stability throughout the region.
(FI) Mr President, advertising is often a useful source of information for consumers and helps them to make sensible choices.
We do not approve of that.
Therefore, we once again reiterate our call to the Chinese officials to impose a moratorium on the death penalty and grant more freedom to its provinces striving for greater autonomy, while respecting the 'one China' policy.
Human activities are adding to this rate of extinction and are endangering biodiversity.
It is worth pointing out that the Baltic Sea has been classified as a 'particularly sensitive sea area' (PSSA) by the International Maritime Organisation's Marine Environment Protection Committee.
The next item is the report by Mr Krahmer, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on industrial emissions (integrated pollution prevention and control) (recast) - C6-0002/2008 -.
As someone who has many friends and relatives in many of these poorer countries, I think we have to look no further than the governments of many of these countries: poor governance issues; state monopolies and corrupt governments that are preventing entrepreneurs in these countries from creating wealth; the fact that they find it difficult to import the materials that they need to add value and create wealth; also the fact that many citizens of the countries are denied access to goods and services that we take for granted here in the EU and in many richer countries.
EC-Serbia Stabilisation and Association Agreement (
Mrs De Keyser, this is why it was necessary to hold an emergency debate.
Without a doubt, these words 'reconstruction' and 'recovery' deserve all the proactive leadership possible in view of the current crisis, in the face of which we plan to develop towards a green economy where growth and environmental protection are not at odds with each other, but complement each other perfectly.
Let us ensure that Tunisia and other non-EU states conform to EU standards in the economic, social or political sphere.
The ruling or order by the European Court of Justice must be implemented once and for all, and the European rules on waste collection and disposal must be implemented in that region.
The G20 partners committed to reducing excessive imbalances and to maintaining current account imbalances at sustainable levels.
As regards the Kaufmann report, we have always argued that the Citizens' Initiative is neither a placebo nor an alibi, but a serious constitutional instrument, with which the citizens can put issues on the agenda in Brussels.
It is significant especially now, in the face of economic collapse.
The international community needs to be specifically involved once again. It has proved to be sensitive to the problems in the Balkans and Middle East, but turns a blind eye to the sufferings of Africa.
In order for there to be a fundamental improvement in relations between the European Union, its Member States and Belarus, Belarus must steer towards reforms and democratisation.
Furthermore, during this time, the Council has taken specific action a number of times.
As regards the European semester, we are committed to successfully concluding this on time.
Again we have to decide, unfortunately, over three unconnected and very different cases.
On the other hand, however, members have also raised this point.
It is clear that both countries are to be congratulated on the efforts they have made towards meeting all the requirements of Schengen.
Our activities in improving financial governance are reflected in our annual activity reports, and the Court of Auditors has evaluated that they are getting better and better and more adequately reflect the situation.
There is no objective analysis of what is required by the subsidiarity principle.
The report and the regulations it addresses have a lengthy history in this House.
Of course, I am prepared to clarify some issues, which were raised in the aftermath of this tragedy, and I will share with you my understanding of the situation.
Welcome, everyone.
I believe that manufacturers should actually be obliged to give immediate notification of the use of any new raw material going into animal feed, in order to guarantee transparency and to facilitate the inspections performed by the competent authorities.
We need results, we need jobs, we need growth, we need industrial policy - in other words, we need a strong European economy.
The vote on the 'cohesion' package sends a clear message concerning our desire to have a cohesion policy that shows solidarity, and is effective and ambitious, as it remains one of the most important European policies.
This means that the fight against this enormous criminal phenomenon is, above all, a battle for the safety of our citizens against illegal immigration and against crime that generates crime.
Today's debate is not to do with special eavesdropping devices in Bulgaria, nor is it a debate for or against a particular minister.
Energy security is first and foremost the responsibility of our own governments.
So, the CAP must have a strong budget and proper resources so as to be able to meet those goals.
We highlight the promotion of maritime occupations and continuous training for them.
This resolution is welcome because I hope that, through this measure, an ever-growing number of Belarusian citizens will have easier access to visas for European Union states so that they can learn from us about our values and tradition. I also hope that very soon, Belarus will no longer have political detainees or people held under house arrest.
I fully support this report.
While Member States were keen on establishing quality and safety risks as a criterion for the refusal of prior authorisation, they have been reluctant to accept - and have opposed - any system for the sharing of information and upgrading of requirements in this field at EU level.
Mr President, I should like to draw the attention of colleagues to the presence in the gallery today of the leaders of the three opposition parties represented in Moldova's Parliament, who are here for this debate: Dorin Chirtoacă, who is the Mayor of Chişinău and the Vice-President of the Liberal Party of Moldova;
It should also take better account of the effects of the process of liberalisation when preparing the new generation of association agreements.
This issue must be addressed in the context of the reform of the common fisheries policy, and I know that Commissioner Damanaki will address this.
The European Union must therefore make clear its determination to refer the matter to the International Criminal Court if nothing is done, in line with the recommendation made in the Goldstone report.
Essentially, social responsibility has three components - protect, respect and remedy.
The common agricultural policy is not just a policy for agriculture; it is an instrument for redistributing resources from the towns of Europe to the countryside.
The standards we impose on ourselves must be higher than those we impose on others, as this is the key to our credibility and integrity.
Who will say 'We want to maintain peace throughout the world and ensure that conflicts do not turn into wars'?
To this end, it is necessary to support education so that there will not be obstacles to Roma children learning alongside other children in European schools.
A development programme for Portuguese industry;
Specifically, we have voted against funding for the Committee of the Regions, and have supported moves to reduce some of the most profligate budget lines regarding agricultural subsidies and schemes, and waste in administration.
We are prepared to disseminate good projects which can provide employment and learning opportunities where young people live; but there are also many examples which provide opportunities to go and work in other countries.
The Agreement in question, described as second-stage, does not achieve the end objective of the complete opening up of the market, with no restrictions on either side.
Regarding the overall issue you mention, let me tell you that this crisis has made more than five million Europeans unemployed.
in writing. - I voted for this report and in doing so welcome the audit strategy of the Court of Auditors for the period 2009-2012 and support its priority goals (maximising the overall impact from its audits and increasing efficiency by making best use of resources).
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of the report on the organisation and functioning of the European External Action Service (EEAS), as the agreement that has been reached reinforces the Community identity of the EEAS and its political and budgetary responsibility before Parliament.
During the last half of 2008 there was a dangerous drive for some protectionist internal measures in the European Union.
A suspected terrorist who is known to the United States' intelligence services is not necessarily known to their European counterparts, as the Commission's answer to one of my questions shows.
I very much hope that CEPOL will react swiftly and provide evidence of its willingness to cooperate fully with Parliament.
Composition of Parliament: see Minutes
The eligible measures for support under the European Refugee Fund (ERF) include the resettlement of refugees from third countries.
At this point, I would like to underline the importance of the work carried out by the European Forest Fire Information System (EFFIS) and, in particular, the importance of the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) programme which allows the necessary charting and surveillance of forests.
This problem could also be raised by a number of national parliaments during the ratification procedure which, as we know, will be a complicated and risky process.
Only then will we be able to support the millions of female victims who cannot afford to wait a single minute longer.
If this process starts it will not be possible to stop it.
Experts estimate that it contains 300 tonnes of high purity uranium, 800 tonnes of gold and 2 000 tonnes of silver, not to mention huge quantities of other precious metals and elements.
UCITS are in some way a trade mark for the European financial markets; they are a good export product.
I propose we begin this cooperation and act together with others.
I should also like to say that two issues worth noting are the use of own resources and the question of agricultural policy.
In the internal market there is a need for a clear and stable legal framework and, above all, a need to complete the integration of our energy systems throughout the territory of the European Union.
Economic development, with the resumption of foreign investment and, above all, tourism, is unthinkable without tolerance, order and stability.
in writing. - It is crucially important to ensure the effectiveness of these and other European funds, in order to ensure their continued support from the European people.
That is why I am proud to be part of the European 2020 package on energy and climate change that we agreed in December 2008 - a decision of this Parliament also which has set the highest standards for global leadership on the road to a climate change agreement we all want to see at Copenhagen later this year.
Europe is experiencing economic and financial difficulties at present.
I and my committee want to work with the Commission and the industry to develop a safe, integrated, interoperable railway network.
Election of President of Commission (vote)
Much as we all want Serbia and Croatia to join, the Council, Commission and Parliament must be united and firm in saying that indictees like Mladić and Hadžić must be delivered and, in the case of Croatia, evidence and witnesses facilitated.
This legislative amendment brings coherence and sense to the plan for reviving the European economy and implementing the 'Small Business Act'.
The second issue concerns the legitimacy of the provisional government.
Ever since then, Tibet has been under the control of Beijing.
Fishermen out of work in Ireland are denied social welfare payments and this creates great hardship.
I voted against Mr Brok's report on the European External Action Service (EEAS), as I view it to be the clearest example of the militarisation of the European Union.
However, it is enormously difficult to be faced with a progressive disease, and families must not be left alone in this predicament.
They stay whilst they obtain massive profits and grants.
The first is that multinational companies as well as large, EU-registered European firms, use different standards for labour law and occupational health.
There is no national solution to this problem.
We would like to have this incorporated into the long-term measures, rather than only being in the short-term measures, so that these women can continue to be supported in this way over the longer term.
Whilst it is true that the good will of all parties is universally declared, nothing further than this is forthcoming.
In order to make the changeover to a new and sustainable industrial age, we should no longer regard job creation and comprehensive protection for the environment as mutually contradictory.
I would like to compliment my colleague, Malcolm Harbour, for thrashing out a compromise text with the Council over this vexed issue known as Amendment 138.
We must seize this opportunity.
(SV) Mr President, resolutions like this one always use extremely diplomatic language.
In any case, although the objective of introducing an optional instrument is to facilitate cross-border trade, taking the needs of consumers and companies into due account, it must be borne in mind that existing European legislation already satisfies the needs of the various actors involved.
I endorsed adoption of the directive.
For that reason, the SADC will appoint officials to join the South African facilitation team and work with the joint monitoring and implementation committee.
Providers can extend the outlets where e-payments can be made, for example the customer paying for his metro ticket with e-money could also purchase a coffee, a newspaper or a bunch of flowers at the station kiosk, as is already - and very successfully - the case in Hong Kong, for example.
Therefore, to guarantee maximum safety, my group proposes that an independent organisation be created at a European level that would assume responsibility for safety and control.
They have good reasons for so doing.
We need strong institutions.
(DA) Mr President, I share the view that the Single Market is essentially a good idea and that better governance of the Single Market is sensible and in the interest of consumers.
The European Union can facilitate better harmonisation of the internal market with a high level of consumer protection by raising the current minimum level of harmonisation up to the level of the best existing national practices.
The 40 strategic initiatives which the Commission commits to present in 2011 reflect the main political priorities that we have identified together.
It is certainly the case that money is needed.
I believe that we must invest renewed energy in this field.
You have used the following words: 'Give me more time to discuss this with the other members of the Council.
(ES) Mr President, thank you very much for your compassionate and supportive words.
I am referring to the safeguarding of food supplies, a factor to which everything else is inevitably connected, and to the quality and balance of the foods that will be available on the market in the coming years.
The urgent thing would have been to demand respect for the fundamental rights of the people of the Western Sahara.
There are many Members who want questions answered tonight and out of respect for them, we would like to conduct this in an orderly manner.
I would firstly ask you to attend to the networking of the authorities involved; then we would achieve a lot in the fight against terror.
It is also worth pointing out that this measure does not represent increased risks in terms of illegal immigration and public security, while the Taiwanese government's commitment to extend the exemption of visas to all 27 Member States by the end of 2010 should also be emphasised.
(NL) Mr President, first of all, I should like to express my thanks not just to my colleague, Mr Brok, but also to Mr Verhofstadt.
It is important, not just for national authorities, but also, and more especially, for those who are suspected or accused of a crime, that there are clear deadlines, procedural guarantees and other protection mechanisms in place.
Ladies and gentlemen, the truth is that without European funding for foreign and defence policies, the European Union would have remained in the wings instead of at the centre of the world stage.
If we go down the path of protectionism because of the world's current financial crisis, the only thing we will do is delay bringing millions of people out of poverty, and millions of people will die.
As you probably know, attempts are now being made to send in medical ships by sea as a means of increasing the availability of medical treatment.
These cigarettes are contributing to that problem but not making any contribution to the cost of treating it.
This is one of the local level initiatives that Europe must promote.
It is incorrectly worded and inconsistent with the text which was actually tabled in the joint resolution by my group and others.
There is strong demand for the Commission to put forward proposals making the internal market applicable to the whole knowledge economy.
The procedure adopted by the Member States of applying the 'fast-track procedure' is to be rejected, but as Mr Gualtieri has already said, if we are to come up with a counter-proposal then we must concentrate on the substance.
We ask the Commission to assume its responsibilities and we ask the Council, which is not here, to meet the expectations of the European citizens when it comes to nuclear safety in Europe.
How can we put money into the coffers?
Our Member States must find ways of encouraging and supporting women's participation in the decision-making process and in politics at both national and international level.
I congratulate the rapporteur and wish her every success in her life after the European Parliament.
This is a very serious situation for those countries in crisis, but it is just as serious for Germany, Austria and Finland, because taxpayers in these countries have suffered budget cuts and been through serious crises.
(NL) Madam President, I have abstained from the vote on the resolution on the Lisbon Strategy, even though the resolution is, in fact, on the whole, a very even-handed resolution which gives an accurate diagnosis of the situation and also contains many proposals which I fully endorse.
The imposition of the Treaty of Lisbon is being promoted, despite and against the will of the people and their opposition expressed in referenda, as in France, the Netherlands and Ireland.
Investment in youth means thinking today about the Europe of tomorrow.
We have accumulated a debt over a long period of time, particularly with Africa.
It points out an important aspect in development aid that the Commission should, in my opinion, seriously consider.
The definition of the general aims for the common policy as established in this Pact shall also be included in the multiannual programme, that is the Stockholm Programme that is due to be adopted later this year under the Swedish Presidency.
I would like to stress at this point the importance of another reason for upholding multilingualism and related measures.
Moreover, the economic crisis should not ultimately turn into a crisis of values and principles.
EU democracy is a one-way street.
The dying cannot wait.
The Commission takes the view that it is high time there was a specific policy programme on European citizenship.
It has always seemed wrong to me that someone reaches a certain age and is then thrown on the scrapheap.
Following discussions in several Council formations, the process will culminate at the European Council in March, which will provide essential policy guidance for Member States, to be reflected in their stability and convergence programmes as well as their national reform programmes, both of which we are expecting in April.
I deplore today in this Chamber this policy devoid of any vision, pursued by governments who are reducing their education budgets, because not only are they doing harm to today's society, but they are also creating long-term problems.
We oppose any 'legislation laundering' on an international level of what would be very difficult to get through most national legislatures - let alone the European Parliament.
I voted in favour of this report because the aviation industry in Romania will benefit directly too.
As Mrs Ţicău pointed out, the UK is not party to the Visa Information System as the country is not in Schengen, so the UK has full control of its own borders.
This goal can be achieved only if we all contribute to it.
These are areas of strategic cooperation which I believe are important, considering the European Union's active cooperation with South Africa and its influence in the southern African region.
The Copenhagen criteria are being adhered to.
Israel, on the other hand, is our friend, Israel is our partner and an important member of the international community.
I would like to emphasise that the Opel case clearly demonstrates all of the important components for the automobile industry in itself and, in my opinion, we can also tell what sort of future the European automobile industry will have from the way that the various European levels cooperate in solving this problem.
However, simply describing these will not, in itself, encourage the stakeholders.
There are regions with particular needs, which often give rise to flows of illegal immigrants, for example.
Mr Barroso, you put a very great emphasis on services of general interest during your campaign for a second period of office.
He is currently Undersecretary of State at the Ministry of Regional Development.
The provision of additional resources in a time of crisis is questionable.
The parliamentary services were responsible for preparing the list, and I received it only two hours ago.
5.
However, as always, the other side of the coin is missing: the sacrifice of millions of small producers and small and medium-sized enterprises, environmental sacrifices, the destruction of production capacity and jobs, and the onslaught on wages and workers' rights.
Secondly, we should look at the question of whether we should propose compulsory insurance according to the cause and extent of damage.
According to the United Nations agency, an estimated 28 000 people have been displaced since the beginning of the hostilities.
In agriculture, we consider this an important point.
It is noticeable that the majority in Parliament seem to live in an ivory tower, totally unaware of the consequences of so-called 'free trade'; they persist with these policies and so contribute to making the situation worse.
However, and most significantly, it will also mean that Parliament will have greater capacity to monitor the legislative initiatives that the Swedish Presidency implements as part of the Stockholm Programme.
Any vote of no confidence in the Chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs by the Socialist Group we will oppose.
I agree with Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra that Latin America is extremely interesting and important for the European Union and we must send out clear messages about cooperation via these reports, especially in these critical times.
Protocols are the same as the Treaty and, of course, Ireland needs Europe;
7.
It is true that the rapporteur's concern to ensure that spending funded by the EU budget is not only useful but effective and that it brings genuine European added value to national policies is worthy of praise.
No one can be exonerated, because everyone involved acted badly, late and inefficiently, sometimes through no fault of their own.
As a result, in this debate on the future of cohesion policy, to which the so-called territorial cohesion dimension is to be added, the following essential principles must be underlined.
As such, I also support the recommendation that the environmental crime unit be strengthened.
In my opinion, it would be a very normal gesture if the European Union's High Representative also did something similar, as has been proposed here.
Is the aim simply to reflect compliance with the basic standards that all European farmers meet and that imported goods also meet?
It is absolutely necessary for the free movement of passenger traffic to be sustainably regulated by effective flanking measures.
The Czech Presidency also recognised the significance of this dossier, and I think we achieved a sound result, not least for everyone who wants to move freely in Europe.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, the Committee on Foreign Affairs has delivered a good and balanced report on the progress of Macedonia, and we as Greens will gladly support it.
The experience of the 2011 procedure was very instructive.
Our diplomatic and cooperation staff on the ground are, of course, best placed to do that, but their capacity is overstretched.
The Commission will very soon, after consultation with Member States and experts, make a report on that and the assessment of that report will be shared with members of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs before we put a possible proposal on the agenda.
I believe this is the policy that can be successful at the moment, even in the short term.
If you look at the state of the world today, I do not think that the Chinese, the Indians or the emerging countries are very impressed with what we are doing about growth.
It has been said that I promised to look into the case.
Erasmus Mundus programme (2009-2013) (
The only chance for people in these countries to overcome their past is for them to continue along the path towards EU membership.
At the same time, however, they experience the very worst repercussions.
The catalogue of problems is so extensive that it is puzzling that the negotiations are still carrying on.
I appreciate President Obama's earlier calls to close Guantánamo very much, but we have yet to see decisive action by the US Government to respond to those calls or take action to reform their system for dealing with detainees, especially in the al-Nashiri case.
I have the impression that this is an extremely political discussion, and that charges are being made against the Council, whereas the Council, for the life of me, is not responsible for volcanoes.
Written Statements (Rule 149)
Secondly, in proportion to the entire economic stimulus package, relatively little funding will be devoted to strengthening alternative supply routes.
This kind of action is compatible neither with the European Convention on Human Rights nor with Community law, particularly the Schengen Borders Code and the Repatriation Directive, nor with Italian law.
Together with my Italian colleagues in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I decided to abstain in today's vote regarding relations between the European Union and Brazil on certain aspects of air services.
It is to my satisfaction that Mr Schwab prepared such an excellent report.
(IT) Madam President, it is difficult to oversee the final steps in the formation of a new country along a peaceful path.
(NL) Mr President, the Staes report contains a very important paragraph entitled 'Members as public persons'.
At the same time, I believe that the traditional 20% limit must be maintained and I must welcome that a consensus has been reached on not exceeding this limit in this case.
I am very concerned about this, Mr President, and for this reason I am raising it in Parliament right now, hoping that Athens will both send me a proper reply and deliver a full and fair review of the case of Mr Zafiropoulos.
Commissioner, I would ask you to be ambitious when presenting the Staff Regulations.
Mr President, I should like to congratulate Mrs Kolarska-Bobińska on her excellent and very hard work.
The Commission is obliged to monitor that Member States take measures aimed at establishing a work-life balance, reducing the pay gap between women and men, as well as providing women with access to management posts.
I have already said many times that I would consider it excellent if, sometime in the future, there could be a slim, intelligible and readable European Constitution which could be understood even by schoolchildren and if all the rest - now running to thousands of pages - could be mere appendices to this.
Madam President, the Treaty of Lisbon recognises the importance of the availability and accessibility of social services and the roles played by local and regional authorities in providing these.
As we heard, 1.6 million to 2 million people die annually from the disease.
It is surely clear to us all that our current cooperation with the Gulf states has considerable potential for growth, and the drafting of a new, more ambitious plan for EU policy in the Gulf Cooperation Council and its member states might, along with trade improvements from economic cooperation, also bring a closer partnership with representatives of the moderate Islamic world, which, in difficult times, might be a worthwhile interesting political bonus from this activity.
I would point out in this respect that, only a month ago, this interpretation on the part of Libya resulted in an actual armed assault on a European fishing boat, and it would be wrong to argue that this is just a matter between Italy and Libya.
We do not want to jeopardise international negotiations, but we think that citizens have a right to know what matters are being discussed with foreign powers that affect their rights.
You are quite right; inspection is now moving towards being inspection based on risks, which is much better than the fixed percentage.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, representatives of the Commission, we welcome the impartial and independent investigation of, and the subsequent report on, the 2008 conflict in Georgia, conducted by the International Fact-Finding Mission headed by the Swiss diplomat, Heidi Tagliavini.
Development and democratic governance in Africa must form part of the crisis exit strategy for all of us.
The growth of the cultural and creative industries in the European Union since the 1990s has been exponential in terms of job creation and their contribution to GDP.
I believe this was the most effective way to reduce poverty and to bring 20 million people out of poverty by 2020.
All the Transport Ministers are in favour of a coordinated European response to the crisis.
Communities are rising up with demands and requests which have been repressed for decades.
Splitting up the legislative amendments has resulted in a process that lacks transparency.
To support ever-increasing integration, chiefly between young people, it is our duty to back the increase in funding and the number of study grants available in the EU for students and researchers from the western Balkans within the framework of the Erasmus Mundus programme.
Ladies and gentlemen, although the decision that was taken is very significant for the issue we have been discussing, we are nonetheless in the middle of a process and there can be no doubt that the Commission has mobilised all of its powers and resources to ensure that the process has been conducted correctly and with close attention to the social dimension.
I trust you can, and will, make your voices heard, and I count on you taking a very strong and determined position in the Europe 2020 resolution in the course of this session week of the Parliament.
We need a definitive method and an ad hoc calendar to ensure that information and documentation on this joint financing is not undermined by this lack of transparency.
If the Brenner Base Tunnel is completed, then the Rosenheim section will be overloaded and it will then be important to develop Munich-Mühldorf-Freilassing-Salzburg, which is also a highest priority project for the Commission.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
Across Europe we are starting to talk about new nuclear capacity, and that is good.
Given the greater scrutiny of the activities of public bodies, the Agency needs to adopt appropriate measures to overcome these problems.
Facilitating EU-27's access to the ERDF marks another step towards achieving the 20% target for Europe's energy coming from renewable sources by 2020.
The compromise we reached in our negotiations was not easy, of course, but I feel that it is fairly acceptable.
I believe that the people of Europe, the world of enterprise do not expect across-the-board aid or mere legislative measures from us, but need to be shown that the institutions are capable of being there, are capable of supporting the citizens, entrepreneurs and all those who are committed to tackling this crisis.
Croatia has come a long way in its efforts to achieve membership and has taken many difficult decisions in order to deal with the European dimension.
I appeal to the European Parliament to defend Poles in Lithuania, in accordance with European standards of human rights and the rights of minorities.
(SL) Madam President, I am pleased with the progress in relations between the governments of Croatia and Slovenia, which have taken a major political step forward, and with the increase in maturity which both governments have exhibited.
However, it was decided that we needed our shareholders' authorisation to turn our reserves into capital.
You even, I believe, put the French Prime Minister forward as a candidate, which shows ... but no, you did not, because I was thinking that that was yet another favour like the one you did Mr Sarkozy, by dividing the left in France.
In my opinion, the Commission's call to consider other mechanisms as well for securing financial stability and economic growth in the eurozone is quite correct.
Europe will need a flexible immigration policy which can respond to the needs of society and the labour market in the various EU Member States.
The freedom of the media is a problem in all the countries.
As regards the Member's second question, concerning why this has been dropped: I was not aware of this.
The debate is closed.
What I do not understand about this debate is that up until now, we have been taught that laws that can be modified by a two-thirds majority are there to provide a guarantee that they cannot be abused.
Protecting species is thus quite clearly a matter that affects a number of policy areas.
No doubt should be cast on the Ukrainian people's achievements either by external or internal factors.
This report, drafted by Mrs Niebler, concerns the problem of 'guaranteeing independent impact assessments'.
In all our dealings with Turkey, we will continue to raise the matter and the importance of good neighbourly relations.
The prerequisite for this is the dissolution of the Euratom Treaty, which is used to promote the expansion of the nuclear industry.
This, it seems to me, has the potential of being a new common fisheries policy.
We finally propose to further women in decision making by looking at the Norwegian practice of a quota for boards of directors.
A year ago in April 2008 we came up with the idea 'Debate Europe' which gives an opportunity to break the often artificial divide between national and European issues.
So, I would encourage you to examine the need for a new evaluation of the incident's impact on health.
These safeguards can give Parliament the necessary reassurance that deviation from the Commission's proposals and recommendations will be kept to a minimum and that cases of non-compliance with the rules, and thus the need for explanations, will be very rare exceptions.
in writing. - I voted against the report on the integrity of online gambling as I believe the alternative motion, which was rejected by the plenary, would have better reflected the up-to-date position in the online gambling sector.
I would stress the importance of cohesion instruments in this process.
As liberals, we believe that the creation of the Commissioner for Fundamental Rights is a positive move.
We have had many promises and reports from the Commission, yet little concrete action has been forthcoming.
In the context of regulating the supervisory bodies and the discussion about hedge funds, we have proposed that we should take appropriate measures on a European level and we will make the same resolution on derivatives, if you, Mr Langen, do what you are always saying.
So I think we really do have to wake up to the fact that we in Europe need to produce food and we need to produce it safely, make sure that we reduce the amount of chemicals we use, which we are already doing, and we have got to make sure that we are training farmers to spray properly, which again we are also doing.
(LT) Mr President, the funding of small and medium-sized enterprises remains a major problem.
It is highly important that the EU should also support the rights of minorities, especially since many countries all around the world do not respect very basic rights in this sense.
Is the Albanian Government making sufficient efforts to combat grotesque perversions of the Kanun?
In other respects, this motion for a resolution is excellent, but I would like to point out that, from the perspective of gender, the EU and other countries involved in these civil crisis management operations would do well to look to the north and learn a lesson from Sweden and Finland too where it concerns training.
Mention has already been made of the short timescale for the trade preference relaxation, reduced from three years to one year: Pakistan is prevented from maintaining or increasing duties or charges within that time.
In terms of what it is doing, the Agency - which was established in 2005 - is performing important - even essential - work, after the failure to achieve any of the aims agreed in 2002 and the fact that the common fisheries policy is considered to have been a failure to date.
On 17 March the Commission presented a recommendation to enter into negotiations for the Union to sign up to the Convention.
What is the purpose of your gift of a carpet which has been laid in the Council building in Brussels and which shows Hungary with its 1848 borders?
(FR) Mr President, you spoke of the governance of the IMF.
I am surprised that issues such as energy which, throughout your term of office, have been well handled, are now, when you are offering your proposals for the next ...
I am working closely with Günter Verheugen to get enterprise and trade collaborating effectively to make sure that we provide opportunities for small businesses to tell us where they need markets to open, to support them in helping those markets to open, and to support them in trade.
What will be left when these five years are up?
The close connection between oil exploration and extraction activities and past and future environmental change is proven and is the object of continuous scientific research.
Now, at last, we need these instruments in order to be able to help the citizens of Europe.
Many armed groups in the east are in the process of being integrated into the army and some uncertainty pervades this integration work.
All possible means are being used to reduce the price of labour and increase the degree of exploitation, in a bid to increase the profitability of capital.
rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, I would firstly like to acknowledge, thank and congratulate the inshore fishing sector of the Bay of Biscay for its responsible behaviour.
15.
For example, in areas such as telecoms, transport, construction and environmental services, doing business in Korea will be much easier in the future.
In addition, the Council has taken the resolution of this House, of the European Parliament, into account on this pilot initiative On the other hand, with respect to the coordination of Europe's action, the Council is also in agreement with this line that we must clearly cooperate on a European level to combat this disease and other similar diseases, above all, because we must lighten the load suffered by patients and their families.
This resolution advocates measures that could end up helping to combat the crisis in this sector, which is being damaged by speculation on the commodities market, as well as by scrupulous compliance with EU regulation.
The reality is that the European Union is made up of many states.
I voted in favour of the resolution by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament on freedom of information because I believe that press freedom is one of the pillars of the free and democratic society which I support, and whenever it is at risk, as in Italy at present, we must be ready to protect it.
The monopoly holder, České dráhy, will not now be forced to improve its services in any way whatsoever, and this will have fatal consequences for the railways.
Timor Leste today has the highest surplus in the world as a percentage of its GDP and not a single cent in foreign debt.
This is unacceptable.
Mr President, firstly I would like to thank the rapporteur for this report.
I therefore believe that it is crucial to insist that the proposed amendments are accepted, for reasons of legal as well as political expediency, in order to strengthen Parliament's role and ensure that it is placed on an equal footing with the Council in terms of respecting each other's powers and the legislative changes introduced by the Treaty.
Europe's spirit is rooted in the instinct for truth and beauty belonging to ancient Greece, in the cult of justice belonging to Rome, and on the basis of this extraordinarily great heritage it is Christianity that has added the value of human beings, always as equals from conception to natural death.
The elections were unfair.
If successful, the plan will have positive repercussions over a much wider geographical area, emphasising the region's strategic position as Europe's gateway to the Western Balkans.
Above all, the insistence now that public authorities in particular also have to conform to the standards applied to the private sector and cannot abuse their position against small suppliers by complying with these requirements, is absolutely central.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
Adjournment of the session
Closure of sitting
President Barroso alluded to the 'six-pack,' and Vice-President Šefčovič mentioned the negotiations with Croatia and the different dossiers.
Madam President, this discussion has clarified some of the things that we need to remember.
On this last issue, I should remind you that last March, Belgium repatriated several hundred Serbs and Macedonians of Albanian origin who had sought asylum in Europe after visa restrictions had been lifted for Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro in December.
I wish to give a special mention to all the rapporteurs, especially Mr Kohlíček, and, if you will permit me, also to the shadow rapporteur, Mrs Miguélez Ramos.
Where and when will they find work?
The news reaching us from Guinea is alarming.
We therefore propose to incorporate CSR into trade agreements and, specifically, to incorporate a corporate social responsibility clause into the chapters on sustainable development, especially of free trade agreements (FTA), with a number of clear and verifiable commitments by undertakings.
We remember the 20th century - the First World War, the Second World War, the Iron Curtain - we were fighting side by side, achieving victory together, as democracies.
By 2008, the Agreement on textiles and clothing between the EU and China and all other surveillance systems for imports of textiles and clothing from China had also ended.
I see this situation in my own country, Romania.
The label is an important step towards European integration, because it is going to bring us and all citizens closer to our common history.
I do not see why a Member State that has invested in making sure that its industry is setting high environmental standards should be undermined competitively and environmentally by those Member States that are not prepared to make similar investments.
in writing. - (EL) The priorities of the Swedish Presidency mark an escalation in the anti-grassroots attack by the EU, the aim of which is to safeguard the ongoing profitability of euro-unifying capital by shifting the burden of the capitalist recession on to the working class and grassroots classes.
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the liquidity and financing of small and medium-sized enterprises is, to my mind - as Chairman of the relevant working group in my political group - absolutely essential; therefore, I would ask that the options that have recently been decided should enter into force as soon as possible, so that together with the commercial banks we may effectively provide the possibility of liquidity primarily to Central European small and medium-sized enterprises.
If it further promotes fishing as a viable industry for the small and medium operator, especially family-owned fishing boats, then I certainly can support it, because, as it is, fishing is dangerous and in many parts of the world exploitive - not just of fish, but also of people.
The campaign, which is to last 40 days, is directed mainly against the participants in last year's protests.
Why try and hide the full level of banks' exposure to sovereign debt, especially when we all know the likely reality?
I am grateful to the rapporteur for being prepared to make some compromises at the last minute.
Just coming back to this idea of the level market entry strategy, would you agree that spending aimed at effectively reducing unemployment should not be seen as an additional burden on public finances but as a way to guarantee sustainability?
The various perspectives are present in the final report, demonstrating the European Union's commitment to listen to, and work with, all Arctic stakeholders.
This vote was scheduled for Tuesday.
In conditions offering anonymity and without any controls, the upshot of this is disclaimed responsibility when it comes to choosing and using linguistic terms.
During the negotiations, the EU must not therefore shut its eyes to the fact that Europe and Central America are not equal partners in the agreement.
It cannot be accepted as normal that you can dump your waste in the sea and pay a fine which costs less than complying with the directive's requirements.
We must ask these questions, as it is common knowledge that prior to the crisis, these credit rating agencies gave excellent ratings to several thousand billion dollars worth of doubtful or bad securities, thereby unfortunately providing unlimited ground for speculation.
Secondly, for small and medium-sized enterprises in particular, the regulation contains a number of important relaxations which will facilitate their economic activity and their dealings in Europe's internal market.
That is the idea which we believe each country should put into practice; however, we must coordinate this among all European countries.
It is true that we do not have just a monetary union.
That is for the British people and our elected representatives in our House of Parliament in Westminster to decide, just as it will be for us to decide one happy day to put Messrs Blair, Brown and Cameron on trial for war crimes, because Afghanistan, just like Iraq, is a criminal war.
The reason is simple.
But the conclusion is as follows, and I will end here.
If we look around us right now, we can see that a number of countries have not yet come through the crisis; perhaps they even have the worst yet to come.
I voted in favour of this report, which confirms the importance attached to transparency by the European institutions, because I share the view that the establishment of this register will help in controlling all the organisations and persons involved in making and applying the EU policies.
We note that, after the vote on the draft report by the Transport Committee, an alternative resolution has been proposed which supports option two, a single-layer network with priority projects or a priority network only, and therefore without a comprehensive network.
I very much look forward to the coming debate and I will take your views on board.
We need someone who can put the 'European' back into the European Council.
I am not sure whether or not you have participated in Question Time before, but you are allowed a supplementary question that relates to the main question.
The CAP should not be reduced just to the distribution of money.
A debate on the Community budget needs to be held urgently, but we believe that the financial framework after 2013 should be based on solidarity and territorial cohesion, this being vital for regions such as Madeira, which face permanent difficulties and which therefore need permanent support.
As one who has been involved in sport all my life at different levels of playing and administration, I believe that the possibility under Lisbon of the EU taking sports seriously and supporting both indigenous and international sports has struck a chord with the Irish sporting public.
(GA) Madam President, the result of the substantial increase in the costs relating to animal feed is instability within the European agricultural industry.
The International Red Cross should be allowed to visit him and his family should have every right to be informed of his situation and, of course, to visit him.
From the outset, he worked very closely with all the shadow rapporteurs and, thanks to his commitment, undoubtedly obtained the best possible result from the Council.
Mr President, I would finally like to say that the incorporation of these elements into the European qualifications framework will be of real profit to citizens, as well as an effective mechanism for workforce mobility.
Mr President, exactly one week ago, Nobel Prize winner, Shirin Ebadi, published a penetrating article in The Wall Street Journal about her friend, the Iranian human rights lawyer, Nasrin Sotoudeh, who had just been sentenced to eleven years' imprisonment.
We have managed to find a common position with regard to the Council.
In its reports on EU foreign policy, Parliament has once again been utterly blinkered.
This can be achieved by submitting regular progress reports and by improving the efficacy of the public administration.
It will mean that the citizens of the country in question will be at the back of the queue and, in any case, that they must not be put at a disadvantage in spite of the fact that they are the ones who, via their taxes, have paid to have a proper healthcare system.
This is not the case on a European level, because fortunately we are not allowed to get into debt.
Request for waiver of the immunity of Massimo D'Alema (
As regards the question concerning the package and sectoral integration into areas such as agriculture and fisheries, I would remind you that, on 15 March, the Council expressly asked the Commission to propose a package.
Let there be an end to mass immigration; it has gone far enough.
I think that as a Parliament, it is incumbent on us to strive for more dynamic decisions in reacting to problems which appear in Europe, remembering at the same time to be transparent in our management of funds.
I am happy to report the first steps taken as a consequence.
There is also a rationale for such measures applying to the provision of health services, especially when new communication technologies allow controversial practices such as e-doctor consultations.
7.
The European Parliament can at last fully guarantee that the interests of EU citizens are defended, and that is why I voted for this resolution.
We should support the call made by Mr Lehne and accept the proposal put forward by Commissioner Barnier.
In this regard, it is necessary to institute closer cooperation between the various immigration liaison officer networks and Frontex.
It would be useful if the World Trade Organisation were reformed to make room for that kind of cooperation, although the ostracism of certain countries would make it difficult to put such a reform into practice.
Mrs Ashton stated quite the opposite.
And I would like to add the term 'cultural' impact, as this is quite important.
The Copenhagen criteria on minority rights apply to accession countries - as we have already heard today - but these same rights do not exist within Community law.
(FR) Madam President, Minister, Commissioner, all the hungry people in the world, all those who have to pay more to feed themselves or to clothe themselves, expect us to respond with more energy to the greatest calamity afflicting our planet today, that is, the calamity produced by money-grabbing food speculators.
This is a very important precedent.
These are, obviously, top priorities for the European Union.
The political environment has changed drastically.
I hope you will not disappoint us.
Leaving opinions aside, however, I believe that it is worth mentioning some data already presented previously by Mr Speroni and on which we should reflect.
in writing. - (DE) I would like to draw the attention of the Council to a problem which is threatening to paralyse the cooperation between the two institutions on the subject of fisheries policy.
Clarity is needed.
It also welcomed the Commission's intention to apply for permanent observer status to represent the European Community on the Arctic Council.
However, having said that, and because I cannot stop EU citizens using exotic and tropical timber, it is important that these agreements are adopted.
Today, in Wales, the national Assembly is starting the process for a referendum on more law-making powers.
The EU naval mission will not resolve anything if the European Union, the United States, the UN and the African Union continue to ignore the causes of the piracy, which are rooted and must be fought on land and not at sea.
Madam President, I voted against this measure on patients' rights in cross-border healthcare because it will only mean another massive burden on the British taxpayer and on the National Health Service.
I suppose my question refers to the fact that there is a low level of awareness among producers in many countries, and in some countries it is very low.
Such an amendment must truly aim to emphasise the exceptional nature of this procedure, and is justified, inter alia, by the administrative and technical workload that it entails.
Even sending the Member States' money for redistribution via Brussels involves a reduction in the net value of this money and contributes to an increase in the unlawful use of citizens' money.
(ES) Ladies and gentlemen, I agree with many of the points that have been made, but must qualify some others.
We therefore anticipate taking advantage of the opportunity that is being given to invest in improving the energy efficiency of buildings and the potential to create millions of jobs in the next few years.
I fear, however, that the willingness of politicians and the ratification of the Convention by several States might not be enough to readily achieve the desired results.
Mr President, I, too, will give an example, as Mrs Hautala has done.
2012 budgetary procedure: joint text (
This programme will extend the EU's competence in the area of refugees and asylum.
Therefore, you will have two tools, in communication terms, which should clarify matters and prevent ambiguities and, at times, controversies or misunderstandings.
Between September 2008 and February 2010, the Commission arrived at a decision which had been suggested to it in the Ombudsman's draft recommendation fifteen months earlier.
I can tell you in advance that introducing contractual relations between industrial firms and farmers will, in the long term, result in those industries competing with each other, on a Europe-wide scale.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur and by saying that I endorse this report.
In this respect, we must totally commit to active cooperation with the countries where the illegal immigrants come from.
But let us be frank about it: the crisis has wiped out many of the gains and there were also some shortcomings.
Just what do these figures mean, however?
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council: see Minutes
I consider that we have common interests with Russia, which we should utilise constructively in order to reach specific agreements on trade, on energy, in order to move towards a transparent and reliable energy policy, and on facilitating the movement of people between Russia and the EU, by making it easier to obtain a visa.
Freedom of the press is one of the most important problems that the Serbian Government needs to resolve; there should be no political pressure or other influences that obstruct the independence of Serbian journalists.
This is badly needed anyway.
Europe must stand on the side of freedom.
(PT) Mr President, in my country, if a police officer wishes to gain access to a bank account, he has to have a warrant.
These goals, as has already been mentioned, must be measurable and must be binding; whether it is a bonus-malus system or something else matters little, but we need results.
However, I think the results are very positive and I will mention three points in particular.
The rugged contours of the landscape and the rich history provide a hint of the enormous ethnic and religious complexities.
Despite the recent transfers, Lampedusa remains in a situation of absolute emergency and people are still streaming into the tent city of Manduria.
Let us continue this discussion.
However, it is crucial that the Ukrainian politicians and authorities are committed to bringing about political and economic stabilisation soon.
This case will apply to 508 of the 515 redundancies recorded over a period of four months in 2010 due to the closure of Lear Automotive.
They never require imprisonment.
Today, for example, nobody can say for sure whether the spill will reach European shores, which creates justified concerns for us.
How does the report fit in here?
Women, like children, are particularly fragile members of our society in some contexts.
How does the Commission propose to address this gap in the legislation?
Madam President, we are in an unprecedented situation in the euro area, because this is the first global financial crisis since the euro has been in existence.
However, we are not here today to resolve a linguistic issue.
It is an infringement of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
On 5 April, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the protection of the Communities' financial interests and the fight against fraud.
Personally, I will also give the green light to the Stabilisation and Association Agreement, although I feel I must point out, at the same time, that Serbia's cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) is still not what it should be.
Can we perhaps start a fundamental debate on the way we wish to spend our funds and the rules underpinning this?
Admittedly, the audit of the 143 nuclear reactors in Europe will, in the end, only relate to the 'Fukushima' scenario, and you have clearly set the limits for this, Commissioner.
I am not saying this to be critical, but because until the Council changes its policy, European integration will be weak.
I was very touched by the vote of confidence the Kyrgyz authorities and ordinary people have in Europe.
Commercial airlines have been contending with a serious crisis since the attacks of 11 September 2001, which has been exacerbated by the current economic and financial crisis.
Restricting the reproductive rights of women, which is currently understood primarily to mean the right to abortion, continues to be regarded as a form of violence against women.
(GA) It is time for us to do it and to ensure that the toys used by our children are safe for them.
We have to find the breakout points that will help the European Union overcome the crisis.
Until this moment, the EU's action vis-à-vis the wave of democratisation in the region has been uncertain and lacking in strength and credibility.
Regional flights to the BMW region are an economic and social necessity.
At the same time, we need to protect the vulnerable in our society and reduce poverty.
Financing of actions other than Official Development Assistance in countries falling under Regulation (EC) 1905/2006 (
In particular, this report proposes that future trade agreements negotiated by the European Union should contain a chapter on sustainable development which includes a CSR clause, which I consider to be crucial.
The Union for the Mediterranean needs to adapt to the new times and circumstances, and to reflect and act upon the recent events, with the aim of submitting proposals on a better way of promoting democracy and human rights in their Member States and in the region, which includes Libya, and on possible reforms to make its own role stronger and more coherent and effective.
The European Nuclear Safety Regulators Group (ENSREG) and the Commission were asked to draw up the criteria, the methodology and the timeframe for carrying out the stress tests.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, during a recent delegation trip on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, I had the pleasure of visiting a number of production sites in Europe, small enterprises that are forced to operate in very difficult conditions: I witnessed superior quality, fair wages, good working conditions and a rational working atmosphere.
The EU and its Member States are ready to take a fair share of that amount, but all countries except the poorest ones should contribute to international public financing through a comprehensive distribution key based on emission levels and GDP.
I will conclude, Mr President, by saying that this is an essential first step, but that we will need to go further and battle further in order to move forward with the Europe of health that we all hold so dear.
I believe that better harmonisation of already existing instruments and reaching consensus on the strategic aims of the common security and defence policy in the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon are of paramount importance.
Parliament has also called on the Italian authorities to examine and remove 'the 7 million tonnes of "Ecobales” which have accumulated into stockpiles and to tackle the "illegal dumping of mixed and unidentified waste” in the region.'
In these areas we accept a certain degree of supranationalism.
The EU should do something about it!
With regard to the general requirements for impact assessments at European level, it is important to note that we need to move away from pure cost analysis towards an examination of the economic, social and health-related impact of legislation at European level.
Just as we do not want a financial market that does not function properly and that is closed and completely unregulated, we do not want an electricity market that operates like the financial market did before the crisis either.
This is about cohesion.
Will the PPE-DE Group lose the three minutes, or what?
The aim of an EU-US data protection agreement must be to realise this; to uphold and not water down the measures that we have taken and implemented in the European Union.
Also, two member countries concerned asked the Commission to be involved in order to have a European approach on this and avoid bilateral agreements.
In addition, since the presidential elections in February 2007, Turkmenistan has engaged in a number of significant reforms, including constitutional changes.
These are attractive transactions for the banks, because they can charge high fees during the initial years of the project.
That is the aim.
(ES) Mr President, I would like to report something to Parliament and ask for its support.
Fishing in a sustainable manner protects stocks and gives a future to fishing communities.
The real problem with fishing today is that 70% of stocks in Europe are overexploited, as a result of the fact that our fleet is clearly oversized.
According to Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the legislator can delegate a certain amount of power to the Commission, in which connection the Commission may only supplement or amend a legislative act.
At the same time, a man like Mr Farage stands here in Parliament and lets fly with insults at a time when Europe is in crisis and we have a great many important matters to debate.
Mr De Gucht realises this in the case of the Transatlantic Economic Council (TEC), Mrs Reding in the case of data protection, and we also saw in the case of SWIFT that parliaments play an important part when it comes to realising this.
It may also prove helpful to use alternative mechanisms such as public-private partnerships that share the risks between private and public investors, and to use leverage and the knock-on effect.
I am very thankful for your constructive input.
Listening to the Commissioner, it is clear that a lot of work has been done in relation to the involvement of speed and alcohol in causing road accidents.
(The sitting closed at 23.35)
I, too, would like to make a personal comment.
I wish you every success for the future.
These measures can be grouped into five main levels of protection.
The Ombudsman is elected by the European Parliament at the start of its term of office for that term and investigates administrative failures that are brought to his attention.
I think what we need now is action and not more comments.
I supported this resolution, ahead of the Córdoba Summit on 8 April 2010, because the inclusion of Roma in all spheres of society must be one of the priorities to be defended at European level.
(SK) At the beginning of 2009, it was apparent that the European Union and the Member States were incapable of helping each other in the event of supply breakdowns involving either electricity or gas.
Finally, it too has understood that the European Parliament is not above the law.
Our resolution of today is another appeal by this Parliament to end attacks on civilian populations in the eastern provinces of Congo, and for the victims to be provided with basic health, social, humanitarian and legal assistance.
Ship inspection and survey organisations (Directive recast) (
It should be remembered that it is in the interest of those Member States which have an increased national delegation under the provisions of the Treaty for their new Members to be able to represent their electorate as soon as possible.
There was also a need for more funding, particularly private funding, which still remains a weakness, not only due to the crisis, but because certain instruments such as Joint Technological Initiatives (JTIs) frankly leave room for improvement.
I think we should respect our institutions, namely the independent institutions.
Such a delay is unacceptable and should not be repeated in the future.
Mr President, first of all, may I say that, during the sitting this morning, we will see real evidence of the work of our Committee on Culture, Education and Young People.
The item is closed.
Speedy ratification of the amendment is in the EU's interest and I therefore commend it to the House.
I therefore believe that the European Union should be watchful of countries that wish to conclude trade agreements with us.
But it has to be a meaningful cooperation overall in the Arctic, and it is worrying - and you did not touch on this in your statement - that we see the development of an inner core of five coastal states of the Arctic meeting outside the architecture of the Arctic Council.
EC-Croatia Stabilisation and Association Agreement (accession of Bulgaria and Romania) (
This draft language law jeopardises the use of minority languages in every aspect of life, which also affects, for instance, the half a million-strong indigenous Hungarian minority who live there.
There is no doubt that the UN and its role in the international system must be strengthened all over the world by means of appropriate reforms.
Immediate action requires the recognition and assumption that these directives are not sufficient to protect the Roma in the European Union from degrading and discriminatory treatment and - most importantly - to enable their permanent integration.
The Bureau of Parliament and the Committee on Budgets have adopted some dissenting positions, as the Bureau defends the needs of Members and we in the Committee on Budgets defend austerity and the budgetary reality.
I will try to carry on your work well during the next year.
in writing. - (LT) I agree with this resolution which proposes increasing autonomous trade preferences for the Republic of Moldova in the wine sector, which is vitally important for this country.
The EU has frontloaded EUR 8.8 billion of development aid, budget support and agricultural financing for immediate action, and proposes contributing EUR 500 million to support social spending in developing countries through the FLEX mechanism for ACP countries.
As far as violence against women is concerned, the European Parliament expresses its deep concern about the entrenched gender-based discrimination and domestic violence in several countries, and points out that women living in rural areas are a particularly vulnerable group.
If we fail to put ourselves through such an argument, a common security and defence policy cannot emerge.
The idea of retention of the originator asset by as much as 5%, subject to a review after impact assessments and international changes, is vital.
Baroness Ashton, sanctions are not enough.
The measures should give added value to traditional and artisanal products and encourage the development of local markets.
It is indispensable to denounce the extremely serious human rights violations occurring in Iran today.
The economic crisis has left a deep negative imprint on the EU countries' potential for economic growth.
I think that it is a slight understatement, Mr President, when you say that it is an honour for you to take up the position to which we have elected you today.
I share the concerns of the majority of Europeans with regard to Iran's nuclear programme and the assurances of the Iranian regime that it will only be used for civilian purposes.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, in July 1995, close to 8 000 men and boys were murdered and disappeared in Srebrenica.
I believe and hope that we all feel that these are historic times and that the epilogue will not be written in black colours for the future of the European Union and EMU, but will mark a brave and decisive step which will make Europe more cohesive, more united and even stronger.
Mrs Koch-Mehrin, you sound ridiculous when you mention that.
We should listen to what communities want, initiate any construction based on their list of priorities and have the belief that mayors know best what are or should be the priorities for their cities.
The vote on the motions for resolutions on Tunisia will take place on Thursday.
Alongside the opening up of the rail freight sector to competition and the establishment of requirements to separate the activities of infrastructure managers and railway undertakings, a stringent regulatory framework was introduced covering rail safety and interoperability.
Patients can, and should, in future ensure that they are not taking fake medicines by checking that all the safety features which will be required on future packaging are in fact in place.
These areas deal with mobility, transparency, publicity and support to researchers and potential researchers.
Towards a new culture of urban mobility (
This, like the previous resolution on Ai Weiwei, shows how dismal the policy being pursued by the Chinese Communist Party is.
in writing. - (FR) A well-protected consumer is a citizen at ease and a sign of maturity in our modern democracies.
I am sorry but you should always carry your voting paper with you because the vote can take place at any time.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, I believe the minimum income report that we have voted through in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is the best way forward and will achieve the widest support.
I therefore say quite clearly that of course, these human rights debates and the dialogue are necessary.
Only in this way will confidence be restored, and confidence is key.
The language competences of the citizens of a united Europe should constantly be extended.
All you are worried about is voting and going home.
In my own country, Slovakia, an increase in the bark beetle population forced the national park services in the High Tatra region to use pesticides to combat the corrosive nature of the insect.
No deliveries of feed fat were made outside of Germany.
Christians suffer acute persecution in many countries, some of which have close contacts with the EU.
On 1 April 1987, the Commission recommended that all acts that had up to 10 amendments be codified, so that Community legislation would be easier to understand.
Aid is an area in which, unfortunately, our experiences are quite depressing.
I agree that bee diseases should be highlighted in EU veterinary policy, both to highlight the importance of bees and also to have a policy and to monitor the population across Europe.
Agenda of the next sitting: see Minutes
Once the SEPA had been created and the Payment Services Directive had been adopted, the payment environment in Europe changed; therefore, it is important that from November 2009 it will be possible to use the popular electronic payment method, direct debit, on a cross-border basis.
(GA) Mr President, I would like to say that I understand the reasons behind this report.
The Greens, however, did request a review of the ban on Member States imposing additional requirements on service providers, but that request was rejected.
- Report: Vălean
Will it now become the norm for the German Government to buy from tax investigators data that has been obtained illegally?
If we divided this money between all the families in Europe living below the poverty line, there would be enough money for every family. Does anyone believe that?
Today, when this House is being asked to give its opinion on the outcome of a conciliation procedure that will bring a conclusion to this long process - more than three years' work - we as rapporteurs are delighted with this joint approach, which has enabled us to achieve what I believe to be a very satisfactory result.
I am glad that the Presidency is contemplating its signature in the coming weeks.
The debate is closed.
This means, therefore, that she has put President Sarkozy in a good position with his 'three strikes - out' solution.
The EU is an area of solidarity, and the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) is a part of that.
It wants them to 'be based on the principles of liberalised and open markets and reciprocity of investment rights between the partners, and therefore demand that, in exchange for close and beneficial economic ties, the Russian Government guarantee the property rights of foreign investors'.
About two years ago, I asked the present Macedonian Foreign Minister: 'Why is so much hatred shown towards Macedonians who have taken Bulgarian citizenship?', to which he replied: 'They are vestiges of the past'.
We learnt of entire families who died in their own homes; we heard dramatic testimonies about people being pulled under the water, never to be seen again.
Explanations of vote (continuation)
Three thousand four hundred defenceless men and women, surrounded by tanks, are looking to us, trusting that our actions will match up to our values.
Like the rapporteur, I think that there is a need for rigorous assessment of the current state of stocks and of the various types of fish in Mauritanian waters.
Lastly, we Europeans need a clear European vision in this time of crisis.
The dispute settlement regime and the related financial responsibility are also very important issues and we need to further reflect on them.
The European Commission proposed a ban on information about prescription-only medicines broadcast on television or radio, and the European Parliament has decided to extend this to the written press.
(PL) I would like to thank the Commissioner for this information - what you are doing is, indeed, very important.
Madam President, the Hungarian Presidency has a unique opportunity to put into practice energy security for Europe.
Mr President, I am grateful for the speeches by Members regarding this absolutely essential and crucial issue, which, as I said in my first speech, is one of the core elements of the European Union: defending human rights.
Of course - but I am not trying to water down; I am trying to be realistic.
We will work in that direction.
With Viktor Yanukovich elected as president, Ukraine has a strong, easy-going leader who is open towards both Europe and Russia alike.
Let us pay particular attention to the final element, which is very important in this situation.
For the first time since the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, we have the opportunity to express our opinions on the reform of the common fisheries policy (CFP).
The purpose of this coalition is to unite the efforts of various public and private parties to combat the production, distribution and sale of images of child pornography on the Internet.
The most unscrupulous companies show a disregard even for personal data, and invade the privacy of people through the use of social networking sites.
Mobilising Information and Communication Technologies to facilitate the transition to an energy-efficient, low-carbon economy (
(RO) I also would like to say that I regard the acts of violence committed in Guinea as absolutely appalling.
I shall vote against this report on priorities for the 2011 budget.
So yes, there will be a chapter on sustainable development that will be part and parcel of the agreements, that will recognise the importance of relevant international standards and be based on cooperation, but we also need to be clear that a sustainable development chapter which would allow the use of trade restrictions linked to social or environmental issues will not be acceptable to India.
This is an initiative of Sweden and Spain on ensuring that laboratory activities are accredited by the accreditation body in order to combat crime through closer cooperation between law enforcement authorities in the Member States.
This is possibly more important than funding and other matters.
A perfectly legitimate way of making decisions in a democracy is by representative democracy.
Over this period, Latvia has lost one fifth of its population; one fifth has emigrated and is working abroad.
We want the Commission to finally come up with some proposals and decisions in this area.
I have had the opportunity to visit all the Member States.
Property rights are a very major concern for citizens and one that I fear will become increasingly so, if I judge by the complaints coming into my own constituency office from citizens who have purchased properties across Member States of the European Union.
We consider this a very important aspect of reconciliation and have supported the establishment of Kosovo's cultural heritage database.
This is aptly demonstrated by the fact that both the report of Mrs Kolarska-Bobińska and the latest energy strategy and infrastructure priorities of the European Commission are urging structural changes.
As a result, the company concerned received more than EUR 100 000 in outstanding payments.
In fact, homosexuality is legal in only 13 African countries and it is a criminal offence in 38 others.
Not falling within the remit of Directive 2004/114/EC, he may not go to the Netherlands to gather information from a specialised library for the purposes of writing his thesis nor benefit from a weekend getting to know Barcelona because he will be arrested in the country which issued the visa.
Many of you have stressed how important it is that the Mediterranean becomes an area of peace, stability and security, where democratic principles, human rights and fundamental freedoms - including gender equality and the role of women in society - are upheld and fully respected.
The Digital Agenda and the digital economy can serve as a spearhead for making the Internal Market real for all parts of our economy.
Therefore, in order to ensure a stable situation for populations working in agriculture, rural development policy should focus more strongly on creating innovative and sustainable living and working conditions in rural areas.
In the same way, I would ask you to please stop using or misusing every crisis as an opportunity to pursue further the supra-nationalistic agenda towards something like fiscal union or tax union, because it leads us nowhere.
I would also like to highlight the visit to Washington made last week by Commissioner Barrot, where the negotiations on lifting visa restrictions continued.
In Europe, there are more and more vulnerable and abandoned children who should not be living permanently in orphanages.
The Presidency will organise a European conference on dignity and hazards for the elderly, which will take place in Prague on 25 May 2009.
Moreover, the Hungarian Government is planning to improve the energy efficiency of the biggest public sector consumers by 60% through the upgrading of public institutions (including the installation of solar collectors and the modernisation of insulation and heating systems) on the basis of the draft Complex Building Energy and Climate Protection Programme.
16. (
What will you do now to get full political and legal accountability for European collusion in human rights abuses in the name of the so-called war on terror?
After the Irish people voted 'no' in a referendum, you said that, by supporting the 'no' vote, our group had opened the door to fascism; you said that we had behaved as a group in the Parliament like Hitler and the Nazis in the Reichstag.
Integrity of online gambling (short presentation)
It is easy to condemn Israel, because it is a member of the UN.
An assessment of the agreement shows that it is relevant in that it helps to maintain the presence of EU fleets in the region while contributing to local job creation.
I abstained.
In this context, we must also not overlook the fact that the system which should allow the social security systems of EU countries to reimburse one another does not function and that debts of millions of euro have accrued over a number of years.
These include projects and measures such as sending European students to universities in Africa, Asia or Latin America - a completely new element.
Secondly, the EU budget is already bursting at the seams; the European External Action Service, the Galileo system, the Solidarity Fund and the Globalisation Fund are generating expenditure which it was impossible to predict six years ago, when the current financial perspective was negotiated.
Mr President, Mr Barroso, let us avoid playing with words: whether or not you asked for it, unless you make transparency public, you cannot continue with the negotiations, given that you have the Treaty of Lisbon.
We identify eventual visa facilitation and trade as flagships once the conditions have been met.
This is clear in the evaluation reports and in subsequent observations by the expert missions that made the evaluation.
rapporteur. - (IT) I accept your invitation.
Thank you all again for your cooperation.
I think that is a step forward that was needed.
Democracy is being able to do so with security, freedom and equality, and in a democracy and under a system of freedoms, private property must also be respected.
One important weakness in the first energy efficiency national action plans, over and above the huge delay in submitting them on the part of certain Member States, including Greece, is the fact that the ambitious plans are not accompanied by clearly defined practical proposals with added value, despite the fact that, according to recent figures released by the European Commission, if the target of achieving energy savings of 20% were achieved, the EU would use approximately 400 Mtoe less primary energy and CO2 emissions would fall by 860 Mt.
I shall start with the recession.
Our present differences with the Government of Iran are many; some are very serious.
The European Police College (CEPOL) was established in 2000.
This should be our objective.
If, in this period, she presents us with a directive to combat violence against women, a directive on paternity leave, strong measures to combat discrimination against women, strong measures to increase the female employment rate - for example, by improving the mutual compatibility of working hours and school hours - and quotas for women in top jobs, at least in her own ranks of the Commission, if the Commission translates its fine words into genuine action, my colleagues in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and I will be the first to stand up and show our appreciation.
Following the UN Secretary-General's request for help with transport of humanitarian aid and for additional police units, the Council invited me to identify EU Member State contributions and make proposals for this mobilisation.
I want an international agreement in place as soon as possible but I have concerns about the nature of such an agreement.
I should also like to add my thanks to the rapporteur.
Between 75% and 85% of our laws now come from the EU and not from our own parliament.
I agree with Mr Duff's proposal that rapporteurs should name the lobbyists that they have had contact with when drafting a law.
They have always been amenable to Parliament, which is something that I greatly appreciate.
But I think the Commission will probably play a role in providing factual information rather than being a party to the debate, which I think is for the political parties and for the candidates.
It will be very difficult to explain to our citizens which court is the right one for their complaint.
There, too, we need consistency between cosmetics and foodstuffs.
You will not create Europeans by spending public money.
The main objectives of the CAP have been: to increase agricultural productivity; to help farmers attain a fair standard of living; to stabilise markets; and to ensure a secure supply of affordable food.
We Swedish Social Democrats have chosen to grant discharge to the European Parliament for the financial year 2009.
The European Parliament should be proud of a job well done.
In his novel Schweik, Jaroslav Hašek once made a pun, a German-Hungarian pun, kelet oszt, nyugat veszti, which loosely translated means that the East gives and the West takes.
Our long-term economic prospects depend upon a thorough modernisation of the European economy so that we can thrive in the increasingly competitive global marketplace.
What stage are we at in the follow-up to this Goldstone report, to which the Council committed itself, notably with regard to the internal investigations involving the various parties concerned?
No, because if we pulled out, it would undoubtedly cause chaos, and would perhaps lead to the return of those camps that we are combating.
It was absolutely right for Parliament, in its resolution, to call for us to raise our ambitions and achieve a reduction in CO2 of 30% by 2020, and I hope that the Commission and the Council will adopt decisions on this in the spring.
Essentially, we are going through a process of concentration of political and economic power, now not only in the hands of a directorate of powers in the service of big business and finance, but also in the hands of the very institutions of international capital.
We need, for example, to create something like a flat rate.
The debate is closed.
Why should it be us that kills the Kyoto Protocol?
All of these activities must be subject to strict controls in compliance with international standards.
Lastly, the Integration Fund and the Return Fund can of course help Member States to introduce pre-departure measures in third countries to assist potential emigrants in finding work in their country of destination, and facilitate their civic and cultural integration, or, on the reverse side, to introduce short-term support measures for returnees.
Increasing the collection of these appliances and raising consumer awareness about this should reduce the amount of these small appliances ending up in the general waste stream and thereby escaping adequate treatment.
In my opinion, the European Union should be particularly vigilant regarding the human rights violations that occur in its neighbouring regions.
I have to apologise that you did not receive the text, but I myself did not receive it or, at least, I had only the text that we were negotiating and I could not distribute that to you.
It was based on the intervention criterion of Article 2 (b) of the EGF Regulation, which requires at least 500 redundancies over a nine-month period in enterprises operating in the same NACE Revision 2 Division in one region or two contiguous regions at NUTS II level in a Member State and was submitted within the deadline of 10 weeks (Article 5 of the Regulation).
(NL) Mr President, we need a coordinated European policy to address the consequences of the crisis; but Europe will have to stop being led by large companies, not forgetting the large financial institutions.
Even with all the measures I have mentioned, we will not be able to reduce import dependency to zero for some time yet.
To summarise, it is high time, and I admit this is a somewhat simplistic way of putting it, for us to think more closely about the people of Europe in European terms and not in egotistic national terms.
There were many factors which hampered the outgoing Czech Presidency's work, but the overall picture in terms of Roma issues is nevertheless positive.
In the past, many turned a blind eye to the rubbish that the American banks dumped on the global market, falling back on pointless formalities, even within the Union.
This is exacerbating the structural imbalances within the EU.
We must not forget that, despite the serious economic circumstances that we are experiencing now, solidarity is an essential element that must govern our policies on asylum and immigration; solidarity with those who, with good reason, ask for our protection, and solidarity with those of our Community partners who, through their geographical circumstances and their size, are faced with the greatest migratory pressures.
Please continue to work on this agenda and introduce the necessary improvements.
We in Europe must develop a major pact for European investment in energy saving.
But now, sadly, we have a quadruple crisis if we add the state budget crisis.
These agreements have strengthened the dominant position of the US multinationals, which already control more than 80% of the world market, and thus act against the interests, in particular, of the ACP countries, the outermost regions and Ecuador.
I agree then with the EUR 300 million increase in the milk fund.
If we repeat the same old mistakes, our EUR 1 billion will only buy us the pretence of a market and competition.
I feel bound to express my agreement with the motion for a resolution on the Review Conference on the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court in Kampala, Uganda.
Particularly important to me is the introduction of sectoral support documents.
The aim of the ESF is to improve workers' employment opportunities and help to improve their living standards.
Naturally the economic crisis has been highlighted here.
The Tunisian authorities have communicated to us a list of persons who should be the object of these measures.
Several months ago in this Chamber, we debated the increasing numbers of obese people in Europe.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
The good news for 2009 is that the level of irregularities in the area of cohesion policy has fallen significantly compared to last year.
It will present a strategy for the protection of EU public money against all forms of illegal conduct, including fraud, and will look at procedures, substantive criminal law and the institutional framework.
At least be honest: if you say we want to defend Berlusconi, whatever he does, that is an honest position, but now you are acting as if you wanted to be neutral, to be objective.
I would like you to commemorate the victims of this unimaginable catastrophe with a minute's silence.
I am in favour of cooperation between independent states.
That is the type of society that I want to live in and work to enable us to have.
It is precisely for this reason that the action plan has been somewhat disappointing, since its ambitions do not truly reflect the importance this Parliament has attached to it or the size of the majority with which it voted on amendments on several topics.
For this reason, I cannot understand why my fellow Members do not want paragraph 9 to be included in the resolution, because this would encourage peaceful dialogue rather than the prevailing oppression.
The additional EUR 176 million will not just be given to the poorest countries, but also to emergent countries whose exports are already and increasingly destroying our manufacturing bases and the jobs of our taxpayers.
Indeed, Parliament has kept to the idea that the CESR should be the single point of entry for the registration of agencies.
Only in this way can we achieve a truly social market economy as is stipulated in the Treaty of Lisbon.
(DE) Mr President, the foundation of the Energy Community in 2006 established an integrated European Energy market for gas and electricity, and the planned inclusion of Ukraine is intended to secure the energy supply towards Eastern Europe.
Chairman of the ALDE Group. - (NL) Mr President, my question will come as no surprise to the President of the Commission.
We will now proceed to the vote.
The fertility of this land is greatly diminishing.
It is a long way from being sufficient to create the coherence in the European Union that we urgently need in order to prevent the situation that we are currently facing from occurring again in the future.
The Treaty of Lisbon has introduced important changes.
It is on this basis that, in a second step, concrete proposals with a detailed impact assessment might be launched, in line with the Commission's standard approach on better regulation.
(FR) Mr President, no one in this Chamber can really believe that, of the 500 million Europeans, these 27 candidates are the best qualified to become European commissioners.
The pharmaceutical industry's goal will never be one of philanthropy.
There are a lot of details connected with this, and they are set out in this report.
All of this is a milestone, a quantum leap forward in patient safety.
2009 discharge: European Agency for Safety and Health at Work (
Romania has a very large number of farmers, but their farms are small in size.
The ECB continued its policy from 2008, setting an inflation rate target of close to 2%, while increasing liquidity in the markets.
Mrs Malmström also referred to this, for which I thank her.
The 2009 crisis showed the weaknesses of the system of measures to support agriculture.
Fisheries agreements between the European Union and third countries are, to a large degree, an issue that needs to be re-examined in depth.
It is certainly very challenging, but it has been done before and it is doable also for Greece if there is the political will and unity in the country.
(FR) Mr President, I have, in any case, listened very carefully to all of my fellow Members' speeches.
(EL) Mr President, Mr Barroso, may I say that, while the ambitious objectives of the strategy for 2020 are being debated, there are certain countries, such as Greece, which will join this strategy on unfavourable terms, with huge economic problems and high unemployment.
We do not take great pleasure in this, but we feel that this vote clearly demonstrates our dissatisfaction with practices that we have been denouncing for some time.
I fully support the call for the funds allocated to the CAP in the budget year 2013 to be maintained at the same level for the next financial programming period also, so that the CAP can fulfil its expanded objectives and tasks.
The great strength of the report lies in the clarity with which it shows that implementing the Treaty is not reinforcing one institution at the expense of another - the European Union can only deliver what citizens expect if all Institutions are strong and cooperate effectively.
We are delivering a service to citizens because Parliament now overwhelmingly favours labelling and we are therefore making it possible for citizens to know what kind of product they are buying.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Madam President, first and foremost, on behalf of the Presidency, I would like to express my acknowledgement and thanks for Parliament's - and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Swoboda's - continuous engagement and positive contribution to the efforts we are making to advance not only towards the successful enlargement to include Croatia, but the progress of the enlargement process as a whole.
Armed with such data, we need to study the root causes of this decline.
As the removal of technical barriers to trade in goods comes within the exclusive competence of the Union, the Agreement can be concluded by means of a Council Decision.
In 2007 alone, almost 87% of fishery products exported from Greenland came to the EU.
The pursuit of mental health must concern young people, adults and the elderly, with particular attention to the latter, who are at greater risk of degenerative diseases, and to women, who are more affected by depression.
Turkey is adapting to the EU and this includes the area of privatisation.
Therefore, I do not support a move to ban the use of cyanide totally but I would certainly encourage strict environmental controls with the best available technology and closed processes.
Even if there are unresolved political issues between countries, it should not reflect on people-to-people contacts.
We have certainly come a long way and perhaps this pleasant, friendly gathering does not paint the whole picture.
In my time as Minister for the Interior at the beginning of this millennium, I lobbied intensively for this system.
One is to trade in apparently harmless weapons or techniques that can easily become a weapon, and that is why we are concerned with dual use in the regulation.
It is Italy that needs concrete help today; tomorrow, it might be another country.
In this case, it seems that things went wrong.
It is politically unacceptable and economically dangerous for these agencies, which have played such a negative role in the present crisis, to continue to have the right, granted by the EU itself, to rate not only companies, but also the economies of the Member States.
The Commission will present its proposals by June.
We know how to help countries improve their educational systems.
The European Parliament has a pilot project for the 2009-2010 period and we have supported our regions' participation in it, by providing funding, amongst other means.
Enlargement requires existing Members of the Union to take certain measures.
This package will be presented next month.
Eastern Europe is the main route of the trade in falsified medicines worth billions.
We are talking about rape, violence, trading and so on, but the United Nations troops there are not covering themselves in glory and are actually doing a disservice.
The main results have already mentioned and I do not need to remind you of them.
On this point, it is important to stress the urgent need to create an anti-cyclical jobs fund at international level and ambitious fiscal stimulus packages which support job creation and retention, along with strong social policies to support the most vulnerable groups.
Finally, one important issue which is also raised in the report is the issue of the ability of the European Union to manage crises.
We have therefore rejected any so-called 'push channels', such as advertisements on the radio, television or in newspapers.
It must also be remembered that the European Court of Human Rights rejected Mr Battisti's request for protection and that the European Union now bases its action on the respect of fundamental human rights, which is an essential component of the European Constitution.
There will be the push basis for transfer, SEPA data will be excluded and we will also address the issue of judicial redress on a non-discriminatory basis.
The European Union must make special efforts to maintain stability in the entire region of the Western Balkans and give substance to their European perspectives.
It is a locked democracy, where human rights defenders, magistrates, lawyers, journalists - in short, anyone who dares to challenge the regime - are harassed, imprisoned and, in some cases, even tortured.
The eyes of citizens are on the European Union; they know that the process of European integration has placed many aspects of their lives under the responsibility of the EU institutions: many decisions are made jointly.
Already now, economists in the wine sector stress that this reform will not weaken traditional rosés as these rosés with an appellation are not in competition with table wines.
In the case of Libya, the United Nations General Assembly acted in line with the European Parliament resolution and took a correct and timely decision.
The primary aim of the report is, however, to illustrate how discrimination and harassment can still destroy people's chances in life and prospects of empowerment.
We do not think that there is a choice between our security and our privacy; we think that we can actually secure both.
I proposed that food and all drink should be taxed at the same reduced rate, if it is applied.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (announcement of motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
We regret that they have not been adopted in their entirety, specifically those advocating instruments for regulating markets and for intervention mechanisms that guarantee a fair price for farmers and each country's right to produce.
As President Barroso said earlier today, it is better to be safe than sorry, and ensure that we are also equipped to face the worst scenarios.
There will be a very visible pile-up of eggs: 83 million of them on 1 January 2012 that are illegal!
We need to learn from experience and be able to offer assistance quickly.
It will lead to closer integration between Moldova and the EU.
It is necessary, therefore, to appeal to the Member States to show responsibility and make available the means needed for the Union to meet the new obligations which result from the Treaty of Lisbon.
In recent years, there has been insufficient convergence between Member States, and macro-economic and fiscal imbalances have remained and even become larger in the last decade.
(LT) The European Union has committed itself to establishing an effective mechanism to prevent child sex abuse.
(RO) We have before us three motions for a resolution, from 21 May, 9 October and 7 January.
That is why it allows for flexible application and encourages the use of existing infrastructures in the Member States wherever possible.
However, the main problem remains the issue of the protection of personal data, ensuring that such data is not used for any purpose other than preventing, investigating or detecting criminal offences.
It goes without saying that we must consolidate our budgets.
Russia has chosen for some time a form of discourse and course of action which put the prospects of pragmatic collaboration second and encourage a tough approach to international relations which we cannot agree with in any shape or form.
I have my mobile phone here.
Since the actions far more resemble propaganda than dialogue I oppose them.
Not that the song made me want to go dancing in Iceland; instead, it came to mind in connection with this morning's debate on the substantiation of expenditure in 2008, another year for which the European Court of Auditors was unable to give its approval.
We can, and we should, appeal for European solidarity for Greece, and I hope that I will hear, in this Chamber, expressions of approval for the Greek Government.
I sincerely wish that you can support the Commission's initiative in your resolution so as not to create a situation where we would have to return to square one, because this is the only realistic and viable way forward.
It is essential to halt the current rise in unemployment in the EU.
In the name of correct economic relations, these things are not brought up at the negotiating table.
Moreover, the report formulates proposals and recommendations for greater transparency and flexibility in the allocation and use of European funds.
Adjournment of the session
Multilingualism is and must be promoted in the name of an idea of respect for the linguistic and cultural diversity of Europe, in this case.
As this debate also presents the opportunity to say something about financial market legislation in general, it should be noted that the fact that we in Parliament are now achieving results and concluding our proceedings at first reading on the first financial market package also sends out a signal towards the end of this parliamentary term.
However, and as argued by the rapporteur, I believe that an optional instrument for European contract law that exists alongside national legislation, but does not replace, is a suitable choice.
That applies to the identification and registration of cattle and to animal disease prevention measures in Brazil.
One of the areas expected to benefit from the European Heritage Label is the area of tourism.
I believe we should not consider any criteria other than the strictly technical and legal.
A new circumstance is that the treaty describes the Council's powers in exactly the same terms as those of the European Parliament.
(ES) Madam President, Commissioners, Mr Magnette, there can be no doubt that the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico has raised awareness of these types of situations, while exposing the need to analyse them in depth and to take measures to prevent or counteract them.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left has tabled its own resolution supporting the universality of human rights in all social, economic and cultural fields.
But look at what Tunisia did.
I was all the more pleased to hear that the European Commission has decided to prolong this regulation.
We believe that the strengthening of the single market is one of the potential sources of economic growth.
However, the serious state of health of the Baltic Sea area is not the only challenge faced by the region.
Against this backdrop, I believe it is essential that what makes the EU special - in other words, the Community method - should take centre stage in this new reality.
It is ironic that this session will address seven individual country situations.
The result is that the spectacular achievements in recent years in terms of prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases have not been reflected in a significant decline in women's mortality rates.
If we apply this, it will result in an appreciation in value and price of exactly the quotas that you are phasing out.
This lunchtime we have the opportunity to pass this acid test and make it clear whether, for us, this is about patients' rights or whether we prefer the blinkered perspective of the national healthcare bureaucracies.
You have been elected.
My fellow Members are right in saying that a sense has developed in recent days of total chaos or at least of a lack of predictability in the decisions and behaviour of the European Union, especially of its Member States.
These rules are laid down in the Return Directive, which was adopted by the European Parliament and the Council in 2008.
We cannot allow political arguments to delay the enlargement.
This indicates the importance we attach both to this country and to the European Union's policy in Central Asia as a whole.
The legal framework for the forthcoming local elections has been altered and could jeopardise the participation of the opposition parties.
It is one thing to talk of common values, but implementing and defending these values is a different matter.
It has brought about important changes in the design of electronic products in the European Union and worldwide.
If everyone in this room agreed with each other, we would not need freedom of speech legislation.
But I would urge you, Mr President, to bring these issues to a conclusion very quickly, because it is important that the democratic mandate of this Parliament is respected.
Last month, Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to 11 years' imprisonment.
Mr President, I fully support the Mann report.
Your security is important for us.
The greatest humanitarian needs are related to the large number of wounded and the overwhelmed health services, whereas displaced people and host families need specific assistance such as food, shelter, water and non-food items.
First of all, we will get a standardised European technical language for the performance of construction products and streamlined and simplified procedures.
Against this background, I wish to draw your attention to the plight of the seasonal workers picking strawberries in Spain.
The question is where it should come from.
We, too, are pleased that the Committee on International Trade is working in this area.
However, reunification did not just create the Germany that we know today.
While we have no objections to further analysis, my delegation would require strong supporting evidence before being able to consider backing such a proposal.
At the same time, I should like to take this opportunity to point out that last year, Serbia took historic steps towards peace with its neighbours in the region.
I am impressed with the Commission's commitment to proportionality in the regulation of general and business aviation.
At the same time, undeclared work must be combated using concrete measures and sanctions against employers and/or intermediaries.
What lack of security?
As this report says, 'introducing minimum income schemes in all EU Member States - consisting of specific measures supporting people (children, adults and the elderly) whose income is insufficient by means of a financial contribution and facilitated access to essential public services - is one of the most effective ways to combat poverty, guarantee an adequate standard of living and foster social integration'.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you are not interested in following our debates, our rapporteur asks, rightly so, and for the dignity of our work, if you could please leave the Chamber in silence.
The effective protection and promotion of human rights and fundamental freedoms constitutes the core of democracy and the rule of law in the EU.
Above all, it puts economic and market considerations above everything else.
We have so far been unable to direct resources to the Europe 2020 Strategy to the extent that would be needed.
The project will therefore contribute both to the effective operation of the internal market and environmental targets and to economic recovery.
Now is the time to gradually implement that step by step.
I am voting for this report, as it examines the needs of urban areas, focusing mainly on two aspects: basic infrastructure, and smart investment in infrastructures and services based on technological advances.
I believe that, thanks to the compromise amendments signed by the three largest political groups in this House, we have succeeded in finding a real solution to this problem; a solution which draws on the successful elements of previous legal acts in the European Union, which represents a compromise between the different legal situations in the Member States, and which also makes a contribution to protecting employees' rights.
How detached from the real world can the European Parliament actually get?
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin this debate by thanking Parliament for the opportunity to hold a calm debate on counter-terrorism policy, and on certain elements of counter-terrorism policy in particular.
It should not be possible, for example, for a government to use such assistance to resume the operation of an old thermal power station which produces more emissions than electrical energy only because it allegedly creates a few new jobs.
European businesses are the engine of the European Union's economy and that is why there must be a greater European commitment to protecting businesses in the EU, which often find themselves having to compete with unscrupulous partners.
Significant attention should be paid to reducing poverty and unemployment, to industry and energy, and the creation of a knowledge-based society.
By the way, it was culture that helped them to endure four years of war.
According to the World Bank's estimates, in 2050, the deficit produced by pensions expenditure would have reached approximately 12% of GDP under the old system.
If anything, it is proof that Bulgaria is serious in taking up the great challenge of fighting corruption and organised crime, which is something we have long asked it to do.
The next item is the vote.
Increasing awareness and visibility of the process was one of the big challenges agreed by almost all participants in the process.
Mr President, I am sure one thing we can all agree on is that Heads of State or Government are extremely busy men and women.
Written statements (Rule 149)
It is fair that the guilty are punished and the leaders of the euro area must ask Greece to leave it.
Typically engaged in maternity and their usual role of supporting other family members, women are undoubtedly disadvantaged in an agricultural context.
This is all very welcome.
It was at my request that this issue was debated at the Agriculture Council of 24 January.
It is time for us to join forces to return everything to normal in this country that has been rocked by natural phenomena.
These are legal immigrants, semi-legal immigrants but also illegal immigrants.
Mr Barroso and all the members of the Commission - vice-presidents and commissioners - are also aware that we are working with the Commission, I think in a very positive way, and we recognise its efforts in this respect.
That is why I voted for the report on the European Training Foundation.
It is this consistency that I think it is important to demand, because what the Commission says about maintaining biodiversity is good, in fact, it is very good, but it needs to be consistent when applying it to sectoral policies, for example, fisheries policy.
This was also proposed by the Barnier report but, up to now, we have not reached a conclusion.
I am sure that it will probably be voted for unanimously tomorrow.
Our common task is to continue to ensure peace and prosperity, to make our union an even more attractive place to live and work in.
It is not only in the sugar sector that we need to do that.
author. - Mr President, I welcome this cross-party resolution calling for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit held captive since 2006 by the military wing of Hamas.
However, this is not the case today for the writers and journalists in Italy who are systematically denied the right to express themselves freely.
Secondly, I would say also that this issue should be included as a target in the CAP reform, which is coming up shortly, so that we do have self-sufficiency in protein production.
(PL) Madam President, there is no doubt that the safety of the extraction and of the transport of natural materials should be monitored by the European Commission.
Of course, the list of products is constantly being amended and extended to keep pace with the results of research and the latest developments in the pharmaceutical world.
This is not a good time for Mexico, as for any other country in the world in the current crisis.
However, this report is still unacceptable.
According to the compromise text that has now been adopted, dichloromethane can in future be used as a paint stripper only in industry and under strict safety regulations.
Strengthening the rule of law, combating crime and corruption are important for the people of the region and help close the gap with the European Union.
Mr President, that was my one-minute speech.
I believe that Romania needs a larger sum to repair the damage caused by flooding, but the EU's assistance is necessary and welcome.
The financial crisis added to this fragile situation in which these countries found themselves.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law(debate)
The Buitenweg report rides roughshod over these limits in every respect.
This brings the focus not only to the issues of technology and the usability of land but also very quickly to foreign-policy considerations, of course.
establishment of a comprehensive system of gradual transitional assistance to the transition regions; and
In the final vote on the report as a whole we will abstain as, while parts of the text are positive, the wordings relating to the Community legal instrument are too far-reaching.
As I say, I am quoting from an English translation.
There will be a long debate.
We want a commitment to disarmament and civil conflict management instead of the continuing growth in military capability.
Our accession to the European Union in 2007 took place during President Traian Băsescu's first term of office and thanks to his direct contribution.
I voted in favour, in the expectation that the Commission will table a new proposal quickly, which would contribute to making the GSP a clearer, more transparent and more effective system.
We have the Malta pilot project and are evaluating this.
However, the current framework of EU policies, in which the most negative aspects have been worsening over the years, is markedly unfavourable to this endeavour.
I supported the joint resolution put forward for that reason, but want to put on record my opposition to the concept of a European civil protection force.
Whatever the point, whatever the cause, I believe, and I am certain that you will support me, that defacing national symbols should not be tolerated.
As you know, the Commission is committed to promoting the sustainable development of aquaculture in the EU through the new aquaculture strategy.
Eighty per cent were female, and child abuse domains totalled more than 3 000.
We have a lot of Commissioners, but, as has been mentioned, you are definitely the number one as far as working with us is concerned.
Secondly, we have helped to ensure that provision is made for strict and binding criminal sanctions for employers of immigrants under unacceptable living conditions.
in writing. - With this, the EP firstly welcomes the Commission's proposal to open negotiations on the renewal of the protocol between the EU and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, while underlining that it should be maintained only if it is mutually beneficial, adjusted appropriately and implemented correctly; secondly, welcomes the Commission's proposal to introduce a human rights clause; thirdly, insists that any and all access negotiated for EU-flagged vessels to fish in Mauritanian waters must be based on the principle of surplus stocks as described in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea; emphasises, in particular, that there must be a rigorous assessment of all stocks for which access is sought or which are likely to be caught by the EU fleet as by-catch; stresses that any access granted to the EU must relate to those resources which are unable to be caught by the Mauritanian fleet; emphasises that, should effort reductions be necessary, those third-country (EU and other) fleets causing the most environmental damage must be the first to make reductions;
I must also say that this pilot programme is a small part, a partial implementation of proposals and ideas from the report by Michel Barnier, to whom I also express my thanks.
By means of this legal instrument, we make a joint commitment to ensure that women's rights across Europe are elevated to a priority level, taking into consideration that this wider phenomenon indisputably has a disproportionate impact on women and girls.
This will obviously benefit these men and women, whom we should never forget, and who are in very painful situations.
We have been devoting considerable efforts to this end, and we want to devote equal, if not greater, efforts to this priority in the two months remaining to us.
It would appear that loopholes are being exploited between that legislation and type approval legislation, which was the tool chosen to implement the directive.
I believe that, under special economic circumstances, the scoreboard of indicators and alert thresholds, should be symmetric and differentiated for euro area and non-euro area Member States.
Despite these difficulties, I congratulate the Foundation on its intention to improve the performance of Vocational Education and Training (VET) systems in the Foundation partner countries ('Torino Process') while at the same time undertaking a thorough review of its recruitment procedures.
(The President cut off the speaker)
To not do so would be most unwise, pitiful and damaging to Thailand.
Nevertheless, we must clearly respect the legal basis at our disposal.
For the European People's Party, the fight against the death penalty worldwide is a key priority of our external human rights policy.
the oral question to the Council on implementation of Directive 2006/123/EC, by Malcolm Harbour, Andreas Schwab, Evelyne Gebhardt, Cristian Silviu Buşoi, Heide Rühle, Adam Bielan, Kyriacos Triantaphyllides and Matteo Salvini, on behalf of the IMCO Committee - B7-0216/2009), and
I agree with those who say today that we have a lot to do yet.
(SV) Mr President, I would first like to thank the Swedish Prime Minister for his presentation of what he and his government want to do in the coming six months.
I think what is important is to anchor the pledges from the Copenhagen Accord into the formal text.
It is far too soon for us to commit ourselves to that.
On the other hand, with regard to fruit and vegetables, the Commissioner pointed out an aspect that is characteristic of the new common organisation of the market, which leaves producer organisations to deal with the crisis.
I read President Barroso's political guidelines with great interest.
Only cooperation, highly specialised research and a widespread campaign of information, will enable rapid diagnosis and better prevention.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to the controls on wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
Yes, Turkey must be made to make efforts to bring that solution closer.
Yes, it is true that we have an interest in a strategic partnership with China on account of climate policy and general foreign policy matters.
First of all, it must be made clear that human rights do not mean that we should ignore the concept of, say, subsidiarity, or that we should trample upon the different values that Member States embrace.
Not just the other countries showing solidarity with us, but also many MEPs will be perfectly entitled to block ratification if Canada fails to fulfil the promise to tighten its lax asylum policy, which is supposed to be the precondition for lifting visa requirements.
That is why we believe that the crisis is currently a key factor in motivating Member States to adopt quickly a new European strategy for jobs and smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
With regard to Mr Verhofstadt's questions concerning supervision, I am pleased that we are nevertheless making progress on this issue.
In my opinion, however, they are of absolutely fundamental importance for the development of the European integration project.
It is also the case for country-by-country accounting, which the report is demanding and which will make it possible to measure the real activities of companies in the countries in which they are established and to verify that they do indeed pay the taxes which they legitimately owe there.
It is unfortunate that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has completely deleted the proposed time limits for transport to the slaughterhouse and the waiting time inside the slaughterhouse.
The first issue is the crisis.
We also call on the European authorities to do the same and to fully support what Mr Tavares was saying on this subject regarding the possibility of resettlement.
Why are there no descriptions of the cases of dozens of Christian villages which were burned down in the Srebrenica region by Muslim fighters?
I have voted against the report, which states that the EU's values and interests must be advanced worldwide by deepening the Union's collective strategic thinking.
It is for them to choose.
We need to give this some thought.
Out of consideration for the environment and the economy, this pipeline should not be laid in the Baltic Sea, added to which are the security policy aspects.
I believe, in fact, that the limited trade policy measures applied by the EU in the textiles sector can be managed entirely without imposing the excessive burden of presenting proof of origin for all imports.
Moreover, entrepreneurs who invest in China must be asked to follow precise rules regarding workers' rights.
We all know that our objective cannot be achieved overnight, but we need to make a start.
- (CS) Mr President, I do not even know to whom I am talking, since the Czech Presidency is not even trying to attend.
However, funds for quality public education are increasingly short, and students are faced with a lack of grants, unemployed families and dropping out of their studies, as is happening in Portugal with the restrictive policies that are being practised.
The progress report notes, and we welcome, the progress which has been made in returning refugees, in women's rights and gender equality and in bridging differences with neighbouring countries.
What I do want to do is point out that here and now, a process is beginning, since, along with this report that has been drafted jointly with the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Commission now has a position, a negotiating framework that will enable it to come back to Parliament to adopt this agreement and will enable the Member States to ratify accession to the European Convention.
That is not democracy.
Donors must invest more of every dollar they pledge in rural development, agriculture, food security, water and sanitation, roads, health and education.
Extending economic governance means including not only budgetary policies but also economic policies and structural reforms.
I want to give my assurance that the emission of CO2 from Polish coal is the same as from Russian coal.
- Report: Costa
Equally, we have to address the poverty around the world which contributes to migratory pressures.
Last but not least, I know that sometimes there is an issue about carbon capture and storage (CCS).
However, the President of the Council does not undergo a hearing here, nor is he subject to scrutiny by us or by any national parliament.
The conclusion of the framework agreement would provide an opportunity to tackle important issues such as political relations, immigration and security, energy, public health, development, trade, climate change, energy and culture.
The anti-Strasbourg group is becoming organised and flexing its muscles more and more, in an attempt to make people believe that Parliament is unanimously against Strasbourg.
Mr López Garrido, Commissioner, I would hope that you will take this seriously and discuss these matters with the US representatives in the dialogues you mentioned.
2.
It is also crucial to reject any idea of renationalising cohesion policy, since this would deprive the regions of the choice of how to share out the Structural Funds and would destroy the regional dimension of this policy.
The report also calls for the implementation of a country-by-country reporting system for corporate income.
It should ensure that they include a set of social and environmental standards to be respected by all the EU's trading partners.
Those two initiatives are extremely important to the farmers and fishermen of Ireland.
I hope that, with this backing, we are able to give you a little extra push to put forward Mrs Lagarde's case as the next occupant of the role of Managing Director of the IMF.
(DE) Madam President, Baroness Ashton, ladies and gentlemen, over recent months, the conditions for the people, as well as the overall political and economic situation, have dramatically deteriorated in Yemen.
I think this is probably all I need to say by way of introduction.
With Mrs Gebhardt's new report, Parliament has once again confirmed its commitment to this matter, and Mrs Gebhardt herself has shown that she is very single-minded, if I may say so.
But the Commissioner has put his finger on it in relation to a number of issues: first of all, the fact that there are some diverse standards; secondly, the long time that it takes from the time of application to actual registration.
The US has a great responsibility for ensuring the success of this summit.
(EL) Mr President, the strategy we are debating today is extremely ambitious and, as far as the basic direction is concerned, Mr Koumoutsakos, the rapporteur for our political group, has already covered everything I wanted to say.
Finally, I wish you an excellent trip to New Zealand next month, and please make sure that your iPod does not contain any illegally downloaded material!
To my mind, this is indispensable since, although the whole sector is being affected, rising energy bills will have a greater impact on traditional fishing than on industrial fishing.
Textile names and related labelling of textile products (debate)
Therefore, I would like to express the hope that the current situation will motivate us to begin a dialogue about harmonising electoral procedures in EU Member States.
We hear rumours that a key part of the solution is to make the private sector share the burden of future bail-outs.
A security agent compared it aptly with filling a water glass with a fire hose, in other words, particularly inefficient.
Mr President, I have just had a real race to get to the Chamber.
I want to stress that by continuing to deny the role of the opposition, the Iranian regime will be unable to convince us of its will to work for the good of the Iranian people.
The prohibition of high grading and restrictions on flounder and turbot fishing in the Baltic Sea are essential measures for effective and adequate resource management.
The other is to fit a speed limiter, which would also result in a significant fall in emissions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, like many other new MEPs here, I was struck by the attention given to human rights in the debates held in this House, and particularly in those of our President Buzek.
For example, a great many people have asked what business this is of Europe's.
I absolutely agree with the points that have been made in respect of the national standards institutes.
Only in that way can we ensure that the EU's external assistance policy operates legitimately and democratically.
(PL) Madam President, cohesion policy in its present form is evaluated well, as are its results.
The next item is the vote.
in writing. - The southern Sudan referendum took place on 9-15 January 2011, with an overwhelming majority voting to establish an independent state of South Sudan.
I think that the European Union is sending out a clear message.
A transatlantic market with no trade barriers would result in economic growth of 3.5% in the US and Europe and 1.5% worldwide.
Oral explanations of vote
So far, Russia has always supplied us when we have asked it to, but in the future it will be important to have more suppliers.
Venture capital is the honeybee of alternative funds owing to its ability to pollinate emerging businesses and drive growth in the global economy, as exemplified by Google, Facebook and Skype.
(LV) Mr President, I should like to remind fellow Members of one thing - when approving the budget, we must remember that among residents of Europe, scepticism is growing regarding what we do here.
In this sense, the Members of the European Parliament have demonstrated that they are mindful that fundamental rights and liberties, which are the very principles of the democracies and of the European Union, must be respected.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (SK) At present there are many differences in intra-state requirements for construction products and for installing them in buildings.
There is a high degree of conformity between our proposals and the objectives and calls set out in Ms Lichtenberger's report as adopted by the Committee on Transport: that is, a more integrated and coherent network approach is necessary, in which intermodal connections such as rail connections to ports and airports and intermodal terminals, the link between long-distance and urban transport systems as well as interoperability must be strengthened so as to improve the basis for efficient, safe and high-quality services for passengers and for freight transport.
The fact that the US is supporting its strategic NATO ally (so that Turkey would clear the way for Rasmussen to become Secretary General of NATO) should not result in the negotiations on full membership being accelerated.
However, it is an act of solidarity to help and support Barack Obama to return to the rule of international law when he asks us to do so.
The strengthening of supervision and regulation is equally necessary.
The amendments tabled by Parliament impose extensive obligations on the Commission to provide Parliament with information.
In Romania's case, the agreements with the European Union and International Monetary Fund are planned to cover 2009 and 2010. Consequently, any discontinuation of this financial support will disrupt the anti-crisis programme which Romania has launched.
There is no consensus between France and Germany on the Libyan question.
According to a statement from the organisation Alter-EU made just before Christmas, we have satisfactory listed information on only two thirds of the members of the working parties involved in producing legislative proposals within the EU.
This resolution contains positive aspects, which we value.
For this reason, a 'one size fits all' approach at EU level to early childhood education and care (ECEC) services is not suitable and would be difficult to implement.
We were also happy to see that our pleasure was shared by many countries throughout the world and also by many people in China.
It is also intended to introduce a leverage ratio to curb excessive use of leverage within the banking system, and other supplementary countercyclical measures such as the creation of capital buffers in favourable economic periods.
The European Parliament's confirmation of the EPA with the Cariforum States will also bring hope and encouragement to other regions whose negotiations are at an advanced stage and who also need the sense of trust and strong partnership which these agreements can provide.
The citizens of the contracting parties may stay in each other's territory for a maximum period of three months during a six-month period following the date of first entry.
A few general principles have emerged, especially that crisis prevention and resolution must go hand in hand and that any financial assistance must be subject to strict conditionality.
The state?
And you know in the high level group for the dairy sector we are looking into some voluntary ways of improving this system.
However, in these six months, we have achieved a great deal on an issue which is very important in terms of preventing those financial activities, which are hidden from the regulatory and supervisory authorities, from once again creating distortions in the system.
Our defence industries may be threatened.
Its positive contribution should therefore be recognised, its action should be strengthened and it should be encouraged to continue its efforts, especially in the field of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law.
Russia's involvement in unresolved conflicts even makes itself felt at the EU's border, with the impact this has on all of us Europeans.
The old structures that we have had up to now remind me somewhat of Don Quixote's beautiful horse, Rosinante, which thought it was a racehorse.
It is strange that the currency in this territory is the euro.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think that this concrete, progressive and reasonable proposal offers a substantial simplification of the burden on the smallest businesses.
(ES) Mr President, it is true that yesterday, 9 May, we commemorated the moment that the European Union was founded, which showed us that Europe would be built with small steps and not once and for all, or for evermore: in other words, that Europe is not built definitively or irreversibly, and that our day-to-day work must be to preserve each of its achievements.
Here perhaps Mrs Morgantini is right, in asking that this zone should relate not just to Gaza, but should extend to all Palestinian territories.
Progress means improving the supervision of systemic risk; it means greater protection for investors, as Mrs Bowles pointed out.
By the end of 2012, we want qualification and certification schemes to be in place for the installation of renewable energy facilities.
Political situation in Honduras with a view to the elections on 29 November 2009 (debate)
People and companies do not know about the energy they are consuming without smart technology.
However, I cannot support putting people without a permanent residence in Taiwan, who do not have identity documents, on an equal footing.
I do not want doctors to be put under pressure and to become salesmen and -women for the pharmaceutical industry.
I am glad that the American administration sees the Quartet as a very important institution for going forward on peace.
This shows the capacity of NGOs in peacebuilding and crisis response.
The directive grants injured parties the right to compensation.
This report by Mr Ashworth is an excellent step in this direction, and I hope that we will be able to continue along this path: clear, simple instructions and guidelines on agriculture now and in the future.
Given the key position of SMEs in Europe, it is essential to involve them in the action plans; since they are more affected by rising energy prices, they could also greatly benefit from improved energy efficiency and their contribution would go a long way towards reaching the overall targets.
The European Parliament is the only EU institution in which citizens can exercise direct influence.
I believe that we have come up with a well-balanced report which aims to guarantee fair competition between public and private media.
I am sure that with the help of Parliament we can achieve those goals, and can achieve a positive outcome at the June European Council.
The overall tone of this motion would not help to improve relations with this important country for Europe.
Activists from the left-wing movement 'Kazakhstan 2012' are being harassed and jailed.
Nowadays, there must be a seamless transfer from one Presidency to another.
The realisation of such an objective may contribute to preserving, raising awareness of, and promoting a diet that predominates in the Mediterranean countries and which has been shown to be healthy by various nutritionists and other specialists.
The change means that now only Article 95 on the internal market, and thus only economic interests, are included as a legal base and not Article 152 on public health, in which the patient is taken as the starting point.
There have been problems because of the all-too-familiar discard issue, discards that we cannot allow for the sake of our fishermen or for the sake of our planet.
There is no real freedom of expression.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, thanks to our now tried-and-tested cooperation, we have worked productively with Mr Gauzès on this regulation to ensure some important advances in the rules governing one of the most controversial areas for the stability of the financial markets.
Broadband (vote)
Of course, this summit was spun in the media as a success when, in truth, we got nothing but waffle.
The Union faces significant problems of delayed or incomplete implementation of energy legislation, which call for strong leadership from the Commission to bridge this gap.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this report and am particularly concerned that the current economic crisis is putting pressure on individuals and families and could result in an increase in mental health problems.
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon is an important step in the unification of the European Union, in strengthening its institutions, and in deepening our European identity.
In spite of all that, I note that the G20 has not tackled the reform of the international financial institutions - I am referring to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank - in order to give greater weight to the interests of the poor countries of the South.
The report adopted today requires us to put human rights at the heart of the European Union's external action, in its development, defence, trade, fishing, immigration and justice policies.
Information on ethnic or racial origin is not normally included in that.
For this reason, it is high time for us finally to disconnect from the grid the old nuclear power stations and those that are at risk of earthquakes and, in the long-term, to get out of nuclear power.
We are all trying to understand the aspirations of our young people.
The problem cannot be solved by throwing more money at it.
Three negotiating chapters remain to be opened by the Council.
Once we have received this information, we will examine whether further steps can be taken to alleviate the effects on nature in this area as a whole.
Thank you for such openness and transparency, which helps us exert pressure on the Member States.
The other area is the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, which has suffered a EUR 1.6 billion reduction.
Prohibition of highgrading and restrictions on fishing for flounder and turbot in the Baltic Sea, the Belts and the Sound (
In this case, I really need Parliament's support to implement the office quickly, and I note with satisfaction that the proposal for the amendment on the European Refugee Fund is endorsed.
A different economic strategy in Europe would not have been able to prevent the macroeconomic imbalances and the mistakes made on the international financial markets which led to this crisis.
And
However, I find acceptable the idea expressed in paragraph 37, which proposes imposing a ban where a fire is proven to have been started deliberately.
In particular, the European Union has abandoned Italy to an uncontrolled invasion of illegal migrants.
Overall, this crisis caused by the volcanic ash has shown how vulnerable our highly equipped air transport system now is - that is something that is obvious to all of us already at our airports.
If, two years and three months after the programming period starts, over three-quarters of the administration and control systems have not been adopted, administration cannot be regarded as being efficient.
The late President Conté himself seized power in a military coup, and now there is a sense of déjà vu.
It takes a little while just to consult everyone.
Thank you for your attention.
Mrs Cederschiöld, I am not asking for more paperwork due to the need to disclose and publicise everything, but for a system that is already set up to ensure that we not only have access to a document when we ask for it, but that we also have access to information at the moment it is produced, while naturally respecting confidentiality regarding political groups and political group meetings.
In the meantime, we have also requested the World Trade Organisation to grant us a waiver of the applicable WTO rules to enable us to implement the proposed measures.
I voted for this regulation as I believe that it will provide more clarity both to textile manufacturers and consumers.
So there are no hidden agreements or secret bargaining.
I represent Scotland, which has extensive beef production.
However, the situation in Abyei must not make us forget the situation in Darfur.
For the rest, I believe that there is a consensus.
The Council is striving to achieve this and is encouraging Member States to do so because it would be a great weight off the shoulders of small and medium-sized enterprises and would greatly improve their liquidity.
We have a responsibility to protect the lives of people first and foremost, but we also have a responsibility for cultural heritage.
We will not accept discrimination, and we will not give up the protection of human life and human dignity.
The agreement does not replace but supplements existing bilateral agreements between several EU Member States and Brazil, and which cover travel for purposes other than tourism and business (e.g. students and researchers).
This measure will allow approximately EUR 180 billion of liquid funds to be put back into circulation: this is the amount of the overall debt owed by public administrations to businesses throughout the EU.
However, the scale of the disaster in Haiti is lamentable and its effects are still highly visible a year on from the earthquake.
Finally, the rehabilitation: damage repair, replanting and everything related to this.
That is the reason for our debate: not to end it here but, rather, to make sure, before the Commission's communication is formalised, that we really are going to have a debate here and that we will all be involved.
I would, however, like to highlight the delay in mobilising this type of support.
The smaller islands of the Maltese archipelago are particularly vulnerable.
So-called pre-cops try to predict the future by constantly monitoring people's feelings and manners of behaviour.
(PL) Mr President, the common energy policy is currently one of the greatest challenges facing the European Union.
The European Union must therefore continue to work consistently to complete the internal market and offer a framework for competition that works.
The Single Market cannot exist just for large firms, but should also be for small and medium-sized enterprises, and especially for consumers.
I therefore have two specific proposals: firstly, our pay as MEPs should be cut by EUR 1 000 in 2011 and we should each use that money to recruit a young unemployed European citizen from our own country.
Pilots are trained to manage extraordinary flight conditions, the commercial airlines' safety manuals are reviewed, overseen and confirmed by regulatory authorities, and airlines have the necessary experience of operating over volcanic areas, as is shown by their safety record.
This report clearly confirms our expectation as MEPs that any future crisis-management mechanism will not create parallel structures outside the Union and that parliamentary democratic supervision should be maintained at every stage.
I therefore feel it is crucial that we not only talk but also take decisions.
However, we are all citizens of Europe.
We must, however, keep the communication channels to the outside world open.
As the saying goes in my country: 'better alone than in bad company!'.
I place great hope in the work being done by Mr Barnier in the area of public procurement, simplifying the process by further standardising procedures, reducing the margin for error and thereby making a meaningful contribution to simplification.
Agreement between the EC and Seychelles on the short-stay visa waiver (
There should also be demands for the enforcement of international law and UN resolutions, and the need to hold a referendum.
The study 'EU kids online' shows that one third of Internet users between the ages of nine and 10 use the Internet every day, while the figure for 15 to 16-year-olds is 77%.
Then Mrs Merkel, Mr Sarkozy and Mr Cameron make a statement in a joint communication - and I do not know what is behind this new alliance - that is also great.
Work on these various dossiers has been intensive both for Parliament and the Commission, for the High Representative and the Council, and everyone has made an effort to reach an agreement in the shortest possible time, within the deadlines we were set.
May I conclude, however, by pointing out that, if the amendment adopted unanimously within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is also adopted by this House in plenary, it will become a political problem if the Council, after the ratification of Lisbon, should then vote it down.
The measure for a ban on international trade should be enough to safeguard the species, given that 80% of the bluefin tuna fished in the Mediterranean is exported directly to Japan.
I voted against Mr Barroso's candidacy, above all, because I believe in a genuinely political Europe, which cannot be satisfied with a Commission bound by the desiderata of big business.
Among the main points, I am undoubtedly in favour of the listing of feed materials from which compound feed is composed and of its precise quantities (the 'open declaration'), which was one of the key demands of the European Parliament following the bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) crisis.
I share some of the concerns that run through the report by Mrs Matias, and I support the appeal to the Council to declare dementia an EU health priority.
Crisis goes hand in glove with the capitalist system.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Lack of jobs could conceivably generate an exodus of young people from Europe, but the vast majority of young people who change countries to find work will probably choose to move to another Member State.
The GNSS cannot fail to be analysed across all of the many dimensions in which it may be applied.
It is public knowledge, however, that no progress has been made recently in the negotiations.
Nonetheless, the situation and ongoing developments in North Africa mean that we are called on once again to produce results in double-quick time.
All the original words, your reply and the second reply will be in that record.
For this reason, I voted in favour of Parliament's proposal, which adopts the Commission proposal as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
It advocates strengthening the European Urban Agenda, developing basic physical infrastructure and its contribution to the economic fabric, and energy and environmental sustainability through investment based on technological progress, but it puts people second.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in our daily parliamentary activities we realise that added value is given by access to selected information that supports our legislative role and our work of providing political direction.
The Committee raises a series of important questions regarding the functioning of the EU Pilot project and the role of citizens in guaranteeing respect for EU law on the ground, and asks the Commission to provide relevant information so that an analysis can be conducted of the added value of EU Pilot in relation to current infringement procedures.
Construction products clearly differ from other products whose movement within the internal market is controlled by directives.
There are interesting proposals on the table which aim at involving the Court of Justice in situations where the compatibility of a legal act of the Union is at stake before the Strasbourg Court, without a preliminary reference having been made.
It is therefore impossible to have a clear idea of the true scale of irregularities and fraud in the Member States, or to identify and discipline those with the highest levels of irregularities and fraud.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Madam President, I would like to say to Commissioner Rehn that I have been looking at the IMF Charter.
The idea of its full membership, however, is becoming increasingly illusory.
Apart from financial penalties, penal sanctions are recommended for repeat offenders, for trafficking in human beings or exploitation of minors.
To protect human health and the environment, it is vital to help change the approach to agricultural pesticides.
Here, we have the beginnings of a compromise.
50.
Therefore, we support the Commissioner's work, which aims to make a thorough analysis of legislation on oil extraction in European seas, and, if the need arises, to introduce new and essential provisions in order to cover the dangers resulting from the extraction of oil at sea and to tighten up the principles of liability in the event of accidents which cause contamination involving crude oil.
(DE) Mr President, Mrs Damanaki, I am very pleased that this week, we are able to adopt four important regulations on fisheries policy, and that we have been able to reach agreement among ourselves as well as with the Council and Commission on the reports concerning aquaculture and technical measures in the Baltic Sea.
We want to see precision, efficiency, transparency and a clear and fair balance of power.
Yet the summit failed to secure all of this and I believe it also failed to provide rudimentary undertakings.
This does not mean promoting 'health tourism', as some are claiming, but ensuring the right to reliable, high quality care when it is needed.
We also reject the death penalty as a whole and want to join the international community in its concern for NGOs which may have to cancel their activities working in Uganda.
In my opinion, it would be good to draw up a plan ...
Updating this legislation enables us to guarantee equal treatment for men and women, with particular attention focused on the issue of social protection, especially protection for self-employed women.
I would simply like to say that on 7 December 2009, Mr Trichet, the President of the European Central Bank himself said that there are no restrictions to supply for banks to borrow money from the European Central Bank.
I agree with my fellow Member entirely.
Therefore, the interconnection of Europe's electricity network should get back to its primary purpose, which is to serve as a reciprocal backup resource at the borders and to allow energy swaps, but merely in the background.
Should we not reflect on the fact that this House has to agree before military action can take place in the name of Europe?
A Europe that belongs to its citizens can only work as a Europe of homelands, subsidiarity and national sovereignty.
The Commission acknowledges the importance of ensuring that a sufficient budget is allocated to fisheries and aquaculture research in FP7, while maintaining a good balance with the other research sectors, particularly in agriculture, forestry and biotechnology: Theme 2 - KBBE, and Theme 6 - environment.
9.
Of course we should!
I agree that, in the absence of programmes put forward by organisations in the agri-food sector, the Member States must be able to draw up programmes and select, by means of an award, an organisation to implement the programme.
All these sad events call our attention time and again to the fact that the state must strengthen regulatory inspections, and act against all deficiencies or abuses in the strictest possible manner.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, last Friday was a really historic step: 67% of the votes.
Finally, may I say on behalf of my group - since it is on the initiative of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance that we tabled this emergency resolution on Monday in the Committee on Foreign Affairs - that we are asking for this issue to be taken very seriously by some of our fellow Members, who have different interests in this country.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, this goes beyond Ireland.
Major efforts ought to be focused on incorporating protection against sexual violence into humanitarian responses.
I would point out that the aforementioned government was instrumental in promoting and taking forward Operation Atalanta which we are today commending.
I believe that the newly established European External Action Service needs to react to this current situation and to cooperate more actively with the third countries involved to resolve this situation.
We cannot employ a one-size-fits-all policy.
The institutions of the European Union must not be indifferent to these disturbing facts coming from Vietnam and, in addition to political action, legal action is also necessary.
Will we assume that, with the approach that we have applied to date to the problem of Greece, we are dealing overall with structural problems in the euro area which may, at some point, be of concern to other Member States?
The fact is that the purchasing agreements of large, international chain stores can be categorised as horizontal cooperation agreements.
In many European countries today, there are people who are being prosecuted, arrested, severely punished and detained, simply because they want to express a critical point of view, on the history of the Second World War, for example, on contemporary history, or on the phenomenon of immigration.
The job summit.
Thus the examination of applications is being simplified while, at the same time, the issuing of visas will provide greater security in future thanks to the use of biometric identifiers; that is, photograph and fingerprints.
Three batteries each comprising eight missiles will be stationed on Romanian territory.
in writing. - I am encouraged that the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Commission are confident that negotiations for Croatia's accession to the EU can be concluded this year.
Slovakia will resolve problems relating to use of the national language by cultural means and in accordance with European traditions.
No payments were made by the Commission directly to farmers either in the Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland, because there is no legal base for such compensation.
The European Union needs to maintain a united front and continue to condemn the abuses committed in Iran.
Finally, I should like to emphasise that the adoption of this report comes at an ideal time, for it has enriched the debate on the future of cohesion policy (2014-2020).
The European Union was a driving force in the UN General Assembly behind the resolution on the elimination of all forms of intolerance and of discrimination based on religion or belief - which was adopted by consensus in December 2010.
The alternative, if it fails, would, of course, be a frightening prospect.
I voted in favour of Mr Gallagher's report because I support its content and message.
The legislative review must therefore take into account this fact and introduce far greater flexibility for public procurers.
I call on this House to condemn this atrocity and to call for an end to such violent acts at the hands of Irish Republican terrorists intent on dragging Northern Ireland back to its darker days and derailing the political process.
After all, the Czech presidency agreed to it and, therefore, should fulfil its obligations.
The humanitarian situation today remains heart-breaking.
I would be interested in finding out about this, because companies have come to me in the past with their concerns.
It is important that we try to get the maximum support for this report at the end.
They simply do not have a mandate for that.
Furthermore, including human rights and social and environmental standards in trade agreements can add value to international trade agreements, allowing greater support for political and social stability, thus establishing a climate which is more conducive to trade.
The EU, through the Globalisation Fund, has allocated a fund that will directly help the economically vulnerable in the area.
For Hugo Chávez, the pseudo-dictator of Venezuela, they are simply obstacles on his path to absolute power.
Through this proposal, the most conservative forces have tried to hand us over bound hand and foot to US interests without giving a thought to the security or privacy of citizens.
In the joint motion for a resolution, following negotiations among political groups, the negative points of the EPP resolution were replaced.
It goes without saying that my group is in favour of more rights for patients and of patient mobility in border regions.
I am going to close the debate.
Commissioner, in continuing to work on the visa-free zone with Russia, we must also work on establishing a visa-free zone with the rest of our Eastern Partnership states.
As I said, by agreement with Mr Schulz and Mr Madlener, I will now repeat the remarks made very audibly by Mr Bloom which were directed at Mr Schulz this morning and to which the President objected, and I object, and most of the House objects, when asked.
Finally, with regard to the debate about own resources, there are many of us in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe who very much welcome this debate.
The Mercosur Trade deal has the potential to seriously undermine European agriculture and the work of European farmers in delivering public goods and high quality, safe food.
Clearly, sustainable, diverse sources of energy supply require a greater commitment to nuclear energy and in that respect I agree with our colleague Mr van Baalen.
I would like to give some mention to the issue of energy efficiency, which has been raised in many speeches.
The same thing happened in meetings in Turkey.
I hope that President Kibaki will refrain from any amendments to legislation concerning the media, which could infringe the freedom of speech.
This Agreement will significantly improve the connections between the markets of both countries and the links between people, while creating new opportunities for the airline sector through a gradual liberalisation of foreign ownership rules.
These affect everyone, but they are particularly discriminatory towards women.
I think it would be a good thing if we had a free vote across this House on issues of this kind.
Let us take care, therefore, not to turn them into duplicate issues.
When all these events took place in Hungary in autumn 2006, we turned to you for you to do something.
I would like to believe that both the European Commission and the Portuguese Government will respond more effectively to the natural disaster in Madeira than in previous instances.
Do you think that a system of naming and shaming could be introduced by the European Union?
in writing. - (PL) The report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union 2004-2008 acknowledges that the effective protection and the promotion of fundamental rights forms the basis of democracy in Europe.
This creates an imbalance that greatly affects both manufacturers and consumers on our continent, leading to anomalies that must be corrected.
Mr President, one of the most eye-catching features in these recommendations is the tax on financial transactions.
Therefore, our first principle should be that the major players should not be granted any special privileges.
I would like to add just one more sentence concerning the Charter of Women's Rights.
I agree with the rapporteur when he suggests a method based on binding measures, aiming to avoid a situation where the variable payment element (bonus, shares, etc.) gives rise to investment policies that are too risky and too far removed from the state of the real economy.
It is an extremely balanced piece of work in that it states very clearly what action must be taken to improve the instrument.
This means that the government is victimising the very people who are working and supporting, through their work, the desperate efforts to overcome the crisis.
Well, a blink of an eye is less than 100 megabytes so we are talking about a tremendous step forward.
Following long negotiations and discussions, you accepted the plan, but we have had to do it in two years.
Although, on the one hand, technical matters are important, in the sense that compliance is needed and the countries have to fulfil the necessary conditions to become part of the European Union, and therefore be granted this visa-free travel facility, the Commission's decision to exclude Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina, to some extent, beggars comprehension.
That equates to two Turkish soldiers outside every Turkish Cypriot house.
A large portion of the funds was allocated to energy projects, but considerable financing is still required for decommissioning and national funds are not sufficient to cover this: the State Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant Decommissioning Fund has failed to accumulate sufficient funds.
I am happy that this, my second term of office as an MEP, has coincided with the concluding stage of this package, which I believe to be one of the most important matters dealt with in this term of office, and one which will benefit our electorate, the citizens of Europe.
We are almost there, but the difference is still significant in some Member States, as is the average pay gap, which varies, depending on which study you read, between 17 and 25%.
Indeed, it is an area where we have increasingly to look and focus.
However, we have to say that the task force proposal keeps the semi-automatic character of the sanctions and maintains the reverse majority rule that was proposed by the Commission.
I believe you will agree that that is perversion.
by Mr Søndergaard, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2007, Section V: Court of Auditors (C6-0419/2008 -,
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, (...) how the aims of this new law on safety at sea fit with the plans for two methane-producing regasifiers in the Gulf of Trieste, an area of heavy shipping and high urban concentration where the sea is shallow, not more than 20 metres deep, and the seabed must not be touched as it is steeped in mercury.
There is insufficient supervision by the European Commission, and it is clear that the Commission cannot set up a control system at all national levels.
in writing. - I will always declare that the Republic of Moldova has to be encouraged in its pro-European path.
Precisely because of the numerous serious risks that are presented all too often on a daily basis, the healthcare profession is considered unattractive, so much so that it has suffered from a shortage of staff in recent years.
During the intensive meetings with the Council and the Commission on the legal issues resulting from the Treaty of Lisbon which affect the transitional regulation, Parliament finally decided to take a big leap of faith.
Furthermore, we should remember that Russia is a unique democracy with a very high rate of corruption.
He is personally responsible for the well-being of Mrs Tymoshenko, Mr Lutsenko and their colleagues and supporters.
To this end, it is indispensable that the statistical data on the use of the budget be available in an appropriate breakdown.
The European Parliament and the Commission have acted in unison to launch a set of initiatives in response to the crisis.
A greater degree of protection could have been achieved if the provisions of the Directive were accompanied by legal measures allowing effective enforcement.
Questions can certainly be asked about the scale of the Israeli crisis and of the Israeli counterattack, but not, under any circumstances, about Israel's right to security.
In other words, the debt that the Member States of the European Union accumulate over time to produce national wealth and distribute it to their citizens is funded and managed by the banks, which should be able to make it produce profit.
Ladies and gentlemen, the dictator has fallen, but the dictatorship, the structure of the dictatorship, still exists in Tunisia.
Therefore, I will certainly return to this issue again.
Perhaps it is just a local problem in the back rows.
Mr President, I should like to take this opportunity, following what has been said today, to comment on the EU's stand on the events taking place around us in the Arab world.
We call on you, Baroness Ashton, to intensify your efforts to build a consensus among the Member States and to make use of your multiple functions to improve consistency between the CSDP, the common foreign and security policy and the other facets of the Union's external action.
Is this cause to turn our backs on Minsk again?
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law(debate)
The provisional application is decided by the Council on a proposal by the Commission.
Mr Rehn has just pointed out that the Commission has proposed the use of a European mechanism, but that the Council was not prepared to participate.
The crisis, which started off as a purely financial crisis, spread, and also affected the entire real economy in a second wave.
A very positive step was taken last year when the OEP changed the rules on the European Fund for Regional Development so that all Member States could use it for reducing the energy consumption of buildings.
As has been demonstrated by various United Nations agencies and organisations committed to defending human rights, the systematic violation of the individual's rights continues to be a feature of life there.
Animal husbandry plays a key role in the European economy.
Parliament adopted a written declaration on this back in 2007, and I think that it is now time to match words with deeds.
The financing instrument for the promotion of human rights worldwide increases the effectiveness and transparency of EU external assistance and enhances respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in the countries and regions where they are most at risk.
We are not one hundred per cent united.
However, this element is not enough to induce me to vote in favour of the report.
We must keep these points in mind and remember that a serious strategy must be based on the real economy, on the small and medium-sized enterprise system, and naturally it must give a responsible role to workers, through their participation, too.
Many people are afraid that the Treaty of Lisbon could result in increased centralism in Europe.
I would be violating my mandate if I were to accept this task, and I would also be encroaching on the legal responsibilities and mandate of my colleagues in the Member States if I were to do it.
You can find all of this data, and many other detailed statistics about FP7 implementation, in the statistical annex to the Commission's annual report on research and technological development activities, which we submit every year to the Council and Parliament.
Do not be mistaken, this is not about waging a war of flags.
That is why on this point, I voted against the group's proposal on behalf of the S&D Group regarding Amendment 8.
However, we do need a certain loyalty, so that we do not undermine the credibility of the system.
Guantánamo is, in part, the consequence of Europe's silence and the collaboration of many of our governments in the system of rendition.
In the last few days, I have received information from a number of sources which points to torture and inhumane treatment: some medics have been severely beaten and have been denied access to their families and legal advisers.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - (FR) Madam President, Mrs Győri, Mr Barnier, this debate right now is not a legal debate; it is a true political debate.
Mr President, I welcome the accession reports and I want to speak specifically on Macedonia and Croatia, and then Turkey.
European cooperation to draft a single policy is needed in this sector.
First, on proportionality: just to make it clear, a European Arrest Warrant can be issued to prosecute offences which are punishable by at least 12 months' imprisonment, or to execute a sentence to at least 4 months' imprisonment.
Codification is an effective means of consolidating the rules governing a certain area in a single legislative act.
Moreover, as a direct neighbour of Burma's, Thailand is well aware of the inhumane living conditions created by the junta, which is driving many Burmese to emigrate, risking their lives during crossings that I would describe as death crossings.
As stated in the resolution, even though Europe must continue giving priority to the international trading system, that is, the Doha Development Round negotiations, the current negotiations with Canada can usefully complement this international approach with a bilateral approach, which is equally necessary.
Mr President, we are talking here about a double tragedy: firstly, the execution of an innocent man and, secondly, done by someone who was supposed to be minding him, his bodyguard.
The divergence in contract law rights must be remedied, and the creation of an optional instrument for European contract law by means of a regulation, which would flank rather than replace Member States' national contract law systems, is an optimal solution that would give the parties the freedom to choose the legal instrument most suited to their needs.
Work to renovate the current detention centre has just been completed to improve the living conditions of detainees significantly.
Effective state institutions, better forms of government, access to basic welfare, the rule of law and a functioning civil state are at least as important as hard security.
Our position is plain and simple and fully in line with the mandate of the Conference of Presidents.
The next item is the report by Mr Scottà, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on Agricultural product quality policy: what strategy to follow?
Can I also mention in this context the impact of offshore wind, wave and tidal energy projects, together with the designation of marine protected areas (MPAs), on inshore and artisanal fisheries?
Mr President, I should like to start by thanking all the Members who have been contributing, even those yet to speak before the end of the debate.
I would rather we looked at each specific circumstance to see where we need it.
Nevertheless, it is a subject that needs to be taken so seriously that, even if all we have to go on is reports in the press, we still need to address the matter.
It goes without saying that to conclude an agreement with India at this juncture is not only of great economic value but also of major strategic importance.
In this the European Year of Volunteering 2011, can the Commission update Parliament as to where we currently stand in the legislative process establishing the European Voluntary Humanitarian Aid Corps (EVHAC)?
Second, the deterioration of democracy in Belarus had a very unfortunate low point recently, but it did not start last week.
This would avoid duplication of work while ensuring long-term consistency in the promotion of the EU's strategic interests and fundamental values abroad.
Such projects would be cost-effective and would reduce emissions and create new jobs.
These are welcome changes and demonstrate the European Union's readiness to react quickly to the economic crisis to the limits of its capabilities.
The most important acquis of the EU is that by its values, it has been able to channel conflicts which, in the past, could only be solved at the cost of considerable human suffering into a democratic framework based on the rule of law.
The convention which I have the honour of presenting was signed in Ottawa in 1978 and came into force on 1 January 1979.
Now I see democracy failing here in Europe.
The current regulatory framework results in significant compliance costs for European companies that wish to operate across borders and have to comply with differing legislations.
Proper conditions must be in place.
It is a European strategy, included among the objectives that the Union is going to prioritise, which is those established in the EU 2020 strategy.
It is simply evil, and you can change it.
We need to be sure that the policy can achieve that so that we can have a strong case in the next financing debate.
This is why we think that priority should be given to energy savings and energy efficiency policies in the area of social housing.
(FR) Madam President, I too wanted to follow other speakers in thanking our colleague, Mr Méndez de Vigo.
In the recently emerging economic tigers of the European Union, which include Bulgaria, the banking system is relatively stable, unemployment levels are not high, there are highly-skilled workforces and stable currencies.
Turkey is exploiting its geostrategic position and persisting in its occupation of a large part of Cyprus, making claims in the Aegean and holding thousands of trade union members, Kurds, journalists and others in detention.
We need to set the negotiations in motion.
The reduction in hazardous substances, upstream, will also lead to a reduction in recycling costs.
One face smiles at us in a friendly way and says it is our ally in the fight against Islamic terrorism.
The aim is to be able to give a comprehensive picture of the EU's position on the issues that are currently under negotiation.
What is stopping these crisis management forces from being used for crises like this if help is being requested?
At the same time, Germany and Russia are establishing a Russian-German energy agency.
It is good, therefore, that this has been included in the report.
Moreover, there are Member States that are doing this with great success: Member States that are undertaking budgetary consolidation exercises but are even increasing funding for research and education.
Madam President, Mr Reul, you are the chair of the committee.
The Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities should be evaluated with a view to the current state of the European Union, but with an eye on the future.
The investigative and preventative function of the EIB must play a more prominent role than it has done in the past.
So let us not make this a motion against anybody.
We shall now proceed to the signing.
Furthermore, ICCAT contracting parties identified certain failures in the implementation of the 2006 plan and so decided to adopt a new plan.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, I also want to thank our colleague, Carlos Coelho, for his report.
Greater engagement of the EU will give the government and people of Moldova greater certainty that the EU and the possibility of membership are real.
in writing. - (NL) What is this Parliament meddling in now?
Economic theory and historically proven practice both clearly show that this will not do anything to reduce the economic collapse or to halt the rise in unemployment.
The arguments of mining companies that they can ensure conditions for gold mining that will prevent the risk of damage to health or the environment have always proved worthless.
This leads me to a fundamental question.
Mr President, Commissioner, this week, US Senators Bernie Sanders and Sherrod Brown have written to the US Patent and Trademark Office to demand a thorough check to ensure that the wording of the negotiated ACTA agreement can be reconciled with existing US legislation.
I have already experienced this in the committees.
The reduction - which will be voted by Parliament tomorrow - means 60% for text messaging.
The interim agreements are only transitory in nature, as they will be replaced by full regional EPAs.
Small distributors employ a lot of people.
The multifaceted nature of poverty and social exclusion calls for a social dimension to macro-economic policies as an integral part of overcoming the crisis.
For us, data protection must be activated, otherwise this agreement is a non-starter.
(BG) I should like to draw your attention to the problem of the renewed schism in the Bulgarian Orthodox Church.
The most vulnerable pension system in the EU is the public system, based on intergenerational solidarity.
I can also say that the EIB has been active in many countries which have become very important.
Given the way in which it is being organised, the European External Action Service is in danger of adopting a paralysing 'do nothing' approach, rather than being the start of a virtuous unifying process.
The Commission suggested at the time that public-private partnerships are the most credible way of funding energy research but was unable to spell out precisely how the funding burdens in such arrangements would be split between the two sides.
Is Parliament not fully aware of the fact that we are obliged to represent the peoples of the Member States of the European Union?
The Commission's proposal is commendable, although new and complex bureaucratic procedures are being created in order to be able to monitor the environmental policies that Member States actually develop.
The current system is very complicated and lacks transparency.
The events of recent months have been particularly bloody, as the intervention of the federal authorities in this region has also been accompanied by a significant rise in the number of crimes related to drug trafficking.
Thirdly, funding has been mentioned time and time again here this morning.
It is absolutely crucial to ensure that consumers are able to consciously make more environmentally friendly choices.
We know that we can make huge savings by using this programme, and that it will not require much effort, but the creation of a modern young future for a democratic state may prove effective in the long term, and I would ask the Commissioner to ensure that this is the case.
The directive includes several requirements to improve the safety of extractive waste management facilities and limit their impact on the environment.
On the supply side, the crisis may lead to a reduction in the level of funding for public health, at the same time as it may lead to increased demand for health services.
The second area is climate policy.
I will finish by saying that I should like to question Commissioner Dalli directly, so as to ask him which of the proposals included in this report the Commission is prepared to accept, and when it will be prepared to accept and take action against an emergency of the scale that we are currently experiencing.
I do not see why we should leave the money tap on in such a situation.
Concerning EU-US institutions, I would caution, first, that the transatlantic agenda should be driven by substance rather than by process.
The resolution calls for the strengthening of international imperialist organisations (IMF, World Bank, WTO) and paves the way for a 'green' return on capital on the pretext of climate change and the complete liberalisation of international trade, which signals even greater penetration by the monopolies on the markets of developing and poor countries and the plundering of wealth-producing resources and human resources.
The report will result in hazardous substances being listed on the labelling of construction products and further studies to follow on the subject from the Commission.
Furthermore, consumers must be told if the meat they are eating is not local but comes from hundreds of miles away.
In addition, an independent National Commission of Human Rights is being set up.
Cohesion policy is tangible evidence for EU citizens of the positive impact of actions taken at EU level on local communities and their regions.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I wish to congratulate the European Commission on its excellent report.
(PL) Madam President, in November of last year we debated the situation of the Polish shipbuilding industry at the request of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament.
I am voting in favour of the report, because SR Technics Ireland meets all the requirements for receiving support.
In adopting the climate and energy package, the European Union has equipped itself with a legislative framework that gives it the right credentials to take a leading role.
European urban diversity must be supported primarily by a flexible mechanism for implementing cohesion policy and by coordinating and adapting urban development projects according to the development needs and strategic guidelines of each city individually.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
The crisis in Georgia and the gas crisis highlighted to us that we cannot continually face threats from the east which target international stability and our energy security.
I am not convinced that a fence or a wall is a solution because there are other reforms that are much more important.
Today, the European Union is at the sharp end, and you, Commissioner, are conducting a revolution, aimed at stability, to provide us with the guarantees we need.
Here, we will be laying the foundation for a stable euro and a thorough strengthening of economic cooperation in Europe.
Let us be honest, what Mr Severin meant was something quite different, Mr Gahler.
That, then, is a year which should further develop the European Union's commitment to children.
I will not go into the details, but I will take advantage of the time that remains to describe the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe's position on the CE label, one of the crucial points of this report.
We also appreciate the action you have taken to maintain maximum clarity, simplicity and flexibility in the rules and procedures, so that they are easy for the public to understand and for the Member States and the European Union to apply.
We regret the broad rejection by a majority in Parliament of our proposed amendment, which, in accordance with the provisions enshrined in the Constitution of the Portuguese Republic - in other words, those on national sovereignty - and as part of the struggle to ensure that these provisions are respected, stated that this proposal for a regulation should respect and not threaten the competence and responsibility of Member States with regard to monitoring compliance with the rules of the common fisheries policy.
The rationality of this is often dubious.
The real gain to Corus from stopping production on Teesside is the saving it will make in its carbon allowances allocated by the EU under its emissions trading system scheme, which will be worth up to GBP 600 million over the next three years.
If we really want to be taken seriously, we must not turn a blind eye to human rights violations on our own soil.
It would be better for solar cells to be included so that they are subject to fair competition, and alternatives to those containing cadmium will come onto the market sooner.
There is still no reaction centre at Union level for critical situations.
This situation is one that I would like to call on the Commission to investigate.
As its legislative functions are limited, this responsibility essentially falls under Article 265 on the failure to act.
What is the point of an economic and monetary union which does not implement any policy of solidarity and cohesion?
How does the Commission evaluate the dangers to the EU as a single economic area from the fact that Member States such as Great Britain and Sweden have still not introduced the euro as their currency and what measures and initiatives are being planned for the new term of office of the Commission in this sector?
This may have been advocated at European level, but even at the time it was being advocated, it was already being put on ice on the grounds that 'We'll never get it though the G20'.
For this reason, we urge the Commission to submit a proposal, as it has already promised, for a strategy on violence against women by 2011.
It has changed, and it would be irresponsible not to reflect these changes in the ways in which Europe is funded, in other words, in the way Europe is designed.
- Madam President, I welcome the opportunity to speak briefly on this, because of the absolutely brilliant address that we heard from the President of the Czech Republic.
In order to avoid the risk of a veto by Parliament if it is only permitted to adopt a position on a package between Member States when the negotiations are already complete, I also believe that the European Parliament should be permitted to take part in preparatory negotiations on the EU's next long-term budget after 2013 and in the discussions on the future financing of this long-term budget, without, for that reason, adopting a position on the question of own resources.
We need to find solutions for these problems and bring the mechanism for financing the Fund more closely into line with these objectives.
We do not want to freeze the budget.
I wish to ask the Commissioner: what are the major obstacles for stronger involvement of state authorities in cross-border enforcement cooperation, and what measures does the Commission envisage in the fight against rogue directory companies?
I would like to know your practical, precise timetable for overcoming the difficulties that you have encountered.
It is through this type of Union that we will successfully use foreign policy to improve the situation in the world.
(RO) Mr President, I welcome this debate during the European Parliament plenary session, starting with the assumption that the protection of children's rights is and must be a priority for every Member State in our Union.
(SV) Mr President, I am extremely disappointed in the way that the hands of the main representative of the common foreign policy, Baroness Ashton, have been tied in the negotiations with regard to the crisis in the Middle East.
Firstly, it should be noted that we are currently at a very early stage of the enhanced cooperation procedure.
Their fate is unknown, and in 1981, the Committee on Missing Persons was set up and funded primarily by the EU.
(FR) Whether we like it or not, the Goldstone report has been endorsed by the General Assembly of the United Nations, and I do not see why there should be double standards in relation to international law.
Europe needs to adopt an integrated strategy for the development of its regions.
The directive on the application of patients' rights in cross-border healthcare is an absolutely vital new legal instrument which can bring significant improvements to the situation of patients in the European Union.
That applies not just to Germany, but to the European Union as a whole.
I have here some statistics which list the prices of food.
One other reason why I voted in favour of this is also as an encouragement to new Member States in Eastern Europe so that they have the easiest possible access to the relevant funds, with the aim of raising the level of research to Western standards.
Let us not forget that this regulation should give manufacturers a first mover advantage in world markets where similar CO2 standards are likely to follow and the demand for efficient vehicles is expected to rise.
As a member of the ACP-EU Assembly I agree that development aid is not always effective.
Until now, the European Union has made too many concessions, especially in the agricultural goods market, at the cost of our farmers, but this should not ...
I therefore encourage the creation of producer organisations, and I think that Member States and farmers should take a look at the number of producer organisations you have in different Member States.
Last month's incidents, when Hamas confiscated, and failed to return, the humanitarian aid distributed by the United Nations Agency in the region are scandalous, intolerable and must not be repeated.
Firstly, none the amendments voted for by my committee unanimously - and I stress, unanimously - were taken into account, even though the common agricultural policy is one of the policies with the most acts adopted under the comitology procedure and is therefore one of the ones most affected by the adaptation of legislative acts under the Treaty of Lisbon.
A letter has been sent from the Committee on Legal Affairs to the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy saying that if it is a new proposal then there is a need for a new opinion from the group of experts.
Indications of origin must also be clear.
Signature of acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure: see Minutes
As a former Latvian environment minister, I have been concerned for a long time about what happens in this sphere, about this amazing cruelty towards animals, as well as the fact that this amazing cruelty is practised on an industrial scale.
We need a highly qualified diplomatic service which has people from every Member State so that they can enhance the representation of the EU in the world.
I believe that access to funding for business development, particularly in the field of innovation, is especially important.
Members of the European Parliament are willing and ready to fully contribute to TEC processes.
As was stated earlier, the whole country is like an open prison.
The affected Ivorians would then be able to work as carers and in similar professions.
(BG) In spite of the agreement between Russia and Ukraine to restore Russian gas supplies to Europe, our hopes of receiving gas have been dashed yet again.
The Commission is currently completing its analysis as to whether the agreement also falls within the competence of Member States.
Yesterday, the European Parliament awarded the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to the Cuban citizen Guillermo Fariñas, who was absent.
The social impact of gambling and its effect on health, as well as the risks of crime associated with it and its special cultural aspects, must all be taken into account.
All the focus seems to be on labour markets.
The European Union could still make a greater contribution here than it does at the moment.
It is important for the military effort to be accompanied by social, humanitarian and economic aid.
While we are aware that it is both inadequate and difficult to create an approach to the care and education of young children, it is important to look at the possible implementation of what is needed and the levels at which action needs to be taken.
We have to find ways to ensure that the laws that we pass in the interests of the citizens of Europe are in fact applied by the Member States.
As far as the speech of Mr Kósa is concerned, I do not wish to comment on it in detail, but I think it reflects the importance of our motto 'Europe without barriers' and I hope that the EU will continue to live up to this motto.
Concerning the issue raised by Mrs Ojuland of the visa facilitation agreement between the EU and Russia, this has been in force since 1 January 2007.
He could perhaps be a little more concise.
Commissioner, you said you had been financially plucked of your last feather, so, if you have other ideas for action you might take, clearly there is not much financial scope to do anything at all significant.
Firstly, the status quo is no longer a realistic option insofar as the NATO forces are announcing one after another their withdrawal from Afghanistan, yet we do not yet know whether the country is able to guarantee its own security.
The Commission's report fails to consider fraud in detail and deals with irregularities very broadly.
Seen from a socialist point of view, the thematic and geographical recommendations of the report satisfy our principal demands.
Regarding complaints, what I do is gather together all the complaints and, within the framework of the Consumer Market Scoreboard, see what level those complaints are at, compare them with consumer satisfaction, and then draw the necessary conclusions as to how consumers are treated.
Now, of course, Mr Solana, you are asking for more capabilities and more aid.
Everyone knows that most banks are too big to be allowed to go bankrupt.
The world today is determined by economic fundamentalism.
Mr John Monks, the General Secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation, has just written about his concern at seeing austerity plans having a direct impact on the incomes of wage earners, their wages and also their pensions.
Infringement (or even a mere threat of infringement) of their dictates would result in heavy penalties.
There are many forces that wish to keep it precisely as it has been for the last 50 years.
The support for measures in the construction industry to increase the energy efficiency of buildings, which annually consume up to 40% of energy in the EU, shows the justification for, and good sense of, this initiative.
In this context, the fundamental aim of cooperation on development issues is to counteract past processes and mechanisms.
I know you do not like it very much, but I have taken the initiative to make an openness action plan, parts of which we discussed today, where we can join hands and make efforts to continue on openness and transparency and fight for that.
The European Union, for its part, cannot stand by and do nothing while these changes take place.
in writing. - The ECR Group strongly believes that in the 21st century, it is simply abominable that slavery still exists on our Continent, and believes that people-trafficking will only be combated if all nations work together at the highest levels to prevent it.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, first of all, I would like to thank Baroness Ashton for her introduction and both my colleagues, Mrs Kolarska and Michael Cashman, for their words.
I must, at this juncture, compliment both the Commission and the Council on their new position regarding cooperation with Parliament.
For example, the recommendation that students in schools and universities should be better prepared for an increasingly flexible labour market in which employers' needs are subject to rapid change.
However, to make the most of it, we need to establish the proper regulation.
This means that the multilateral process is alive.
Nobody would question this.
I have to say that this worries me greatly, because I expect the European Parliament actually to solve the problems confronting the European Union.
The European Union must not close its eyes to the flagrant restrictions on freedom of speech, respect for human and civil rights and non-governmental organisations.
Mr President, I would like to remind the House of the double standards which we are applying.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, somewhat by way of a complement to what the Commission has just told us and by way of a conclusion, I should like to tell you that the third European Union-Africa summit in Tripoli must send an important political signal aimed at deepening our cooperation with Africa in the years to come.
Higher investments, both in financial assistance and training, should be ensured for national and regional administrations to increase the capacities and knowledge of rules by authorities in charge of programme management.
Are we considering trade measures, aid measures, and other concrete and real measures, rather than persuasion, which is fruitless?
However, at the same time, we have to operate in the real world, where there are very often conflicting ideas, and always have to seek compromises.
On the US agreement, let me start by thanking the rapporteur, Mr Zasada, for his very positive recommendation in relation to the outcome of the negotiations with the United States on a second stage air services agreement.
It is always the most vulnerable in our society who suffer first.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the production of high quality produce is fundamental to European farmers.
Either the budget is a tool for solidarity, reducing inequalities, promoting economic and social cohesion, employment and social progress, and thus serving the interests of workers and the people, or rather it is a tool for inequality, furthering neoliberal causes, job insecurity, unemployment, foreign interventionism and war, and thus an affront to the interests of workers and the people.
However, from the outset, this report was couched in a federalist language that sought to promote a fake or forced European demos, and the attempt to rename the scheme the European Union Heritage Label was politically based and would exclude thousands of potential locations whose history and heritage predates, and indeed overshadows, many contemporary sites.
Documents received: see Minutes
Let us also keep in mind that we have substantial offensive agriculture interests in Mercosur as well, such as wine, cheese, fruit and vegetables and geographical indications.
If need be, they can be improved and adapted much more quickly than any alternatives, interesting as they may be.
(RO) Madam President, Romania has a law stipulating that teachers' salaries should be increased, because they are very low. This law was approved and voted on in the Romanian Parliament, but it is not enforced in any way at all.
The general condemnation of Parliament regarding the suppression of information by the Commission relating to the ongoing negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) and the limitations which, by proceeding in this manner, the Commission has attempted to impose on scrutiny and democratic control, have been quite clear.
I am very supportive of Serbia making progress towards EU accession, as I am all of the Western Balkans, as a former member of the relevant European Parliament delegation.
Meanwhile, murder is the order of the day in the capital, Tripoli, and countless Libyan citizens are disappearing without trace.
Mr President, it is curious that, whatever the crisis, the answer in this House always seems to be greater European integration.
To work with Palestine is to work for its right to a state, a territory, to be able to see prosperity on the horizon and to deal with all the outstanding issues.
As the European Parliament's powers in this matter have increased since the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, I hope that the Council does not revert to unequal direct payments for farmers of the old and new Member States and will not approve any additional general funding, which might damage fair competition in the single EU market.
The interconnection of our countries' energy networks is of paramount importance to our continent's independence and security.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I am pleased to be here for Parliament's debate on the draft recommendation put forward by Ms Lulling on the Commission's proposal concerning application of the principle of equal treatment between men and women in self-employed activities.
(RO) Madam President, I am delighted that a consensus was reached on this report by the political groups within the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
considering that supervisory authorities should decide whether a financial institution or a listed company should have a remuneration committee;
National provisions relating to recovery only apply within the territory of each Member State.
We would therefore be delighted to have clarification on this point, since we believe that the correct translation would be 'passeport en cours de validité'.
This will enable more than 3 500 European students to go on an Erasmus exchange.
We are taking a number of practical measures on this matter and on private equity funds, based on the need for ever more information and ever more transparency, including with regard to the staff in undertakings that are sometimes targeted by these funds' actions.
The continued success of EMU depends on how these challenges are addressed.
The level of restrictions on the spontaneity of market processes and the level of political regulation over the economy are constantly increasing.
Deep-rooted bureaucracy is preventing industrial development and is damaging the competitiveness of products created.
One solution to assuage the discontent of employers, who believe that university education does not take into account the requirements of the labour market and does not prepare students to face the current climate, is for university programmes to offer students opportunities to carry out practical work placements in SMEs.
(DE) Mr President, we are not talking about peanuts here.
Commissioner, I can tell you without the slightest hesitation that the current visa regime is deficient and is particularly damaging to the EU.
In order to press ahead with an efficient shutdown, we need a clear financial framework and controls for the correct use of the funds provided.
There are some increases, but also cuts - the budget is a compromise, like every multi-party decision.
You are missing the target.
In our thoughts, we are with the people who are working day and night in the nuclear reactors at Fukushima in order to prevent a nuclear disaster.
This is why it is so important to propose that women be paid in full for the time they devote to motherhood and bringing up children.
Approval of the new allocation of the responsibilities of Vice-President of the Commission Jacques Barrot (vote)
No developing country can work properly in the modern world if it rejects fundamental, universal values.
We have therefore requested that Judge Afiuni be freed immediately.
I also find it strange that the EU can adopt a resolution on a mandate which was not supported by any of the EU Member States on the UN Human Rights Council.
Now the final speaker, Mr Martin, has the floor.
(LT) Under normal circumstances, it would be possible to propose that permanent residents participate in local council elections, but we know all too well that the majority of Latvia's non-citizens could hardly be described as having arrived in the country under normal circumstances.
Anyway, they are your Rules of Procedure.
I do not find it at all boring.
Prime Minister and fellow Members, thank you for your account of the Presidency's programme.
That is why it must no longer be included in these guidelines.
The proposal for a regulation aims to make mandatory the collection of data by type of goods for maritime transport statistics, as the rapporteur believes that in the majority of cases, the collection of relevant data will not impose any additional burden on respondents, since the Member States concerned should be able to compile these data using existing data sources, for instance, customs documents.
Perhaps our evening debates should be more animated and more heated so as to warm up the atmosphere.
This will not result in a complete electronic library of European titles being built up.
Presumably not.
Mr President, Mr Rehn, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, I would first of all like to express my gratitude for the report and I would also like to thank the rapporteur.
The current debt is not, therefore, indicative of a lack of prudence, but is the effect of changes whose long-term objective is the reduction of budgetary expenses allocated to making pension payments.
We can already see what the next steps could be, as shown by the development of the long-term situation in such places as Abkhazia and Southern Ossetia - Russian passports would be handed out in these self-governing areas.
The developments in Tunisia and Egypt reveal the marginal role played by the European Union in the Mediterranean and throughout the regions covered by our neighbourhood policy.
President-in-Office of the Belgian Presidency, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I should first like to say, Minister, how much I appreciated your lucid assessment of the latest G20 and how supportive I am of your proposals for the future.
This House's continuing attention to the MDGs made the EU's position strong and ambitious in New York.
You need to be stricter.
I am with those who firmly believe that Article 1 of the European Charter of Fundamental Rights ought to apply to human life in its entirety, i.e. from the beginning to the end of a person's life.
So when our fellow citizens in Europe learn that the European Union is making it easier for citizens from third countries, such as Taiwan and other countries we recently approved, to enter the European Union, they logically wonder if that is putting their safety at greater risk.
Secondly, on the issue of bananas, in which Parliament's considerations should also be taken into account, the European taxpayer has lost on both counts.
The transitional system will be extended in five Member States until the end of 2011 and by that time, provisions relating to the non-commercial movement of pets will be the same all over the EU.
But who in here really cares?
In short, this is not an excessive sum: it is a necessary investment in our long-term security.
We also have targeted State aid rules for SMEs, innovation, research and development and green technologies.
As things stand, I feel that we need to mobilise this Fund to assist the affected regions, and in this regard I support the French Government's calls to do so as quickly as possible.
I do not say that the European Union is hypocritical because, of course, we apply the same standards within our own borders, happily swatting aside referendum results when we deem them to have gone the wrong way.
In their opinion, is ACTA a binding or a voluntary agreement?
I have said that on these questions Mr Gollnisch has asked for a point of order.
We also need to bridge the gap between ourselves, the US and Japan.
Second, interdependence: we are all in this together.
In any case, both seem committed to taking the exploitation and oppression of the workers and peoples to new levels.
We need to be quite clear about this: we will never achieve one hundred percent security, however many measures we take and however much data we collect.
The most important priority for the Union is that the Doha Round is concluded and that the EU's agricultural policy is quite simply scrapped.
The economic governance that is being proposed...
Among inter-sectoral issues that concern the poorest of the poor, agriculture is very rarely addressed, notably because no land is owned by the poorest of the poor in Europe.
What is our problem?
In addition, among the measures which need to be adopted, those concerning the adoption of a legislative framework to effectively combat tax havens are an absolute must.
In order to coordinate our action better it would be a good idea to appoint a European Union Special Representative for North Korea.
It is very easy to be lulled into the belief that we in Europe are free of the sort of violations of human rights that are committed in other parts of the world.
Secondly, productive work when performing her own personal duties, duties at the Group/Chamber level and those as a member of the college of the European Court of Auditors.
My feeling is that there is a lot of cooperation going on between the Member States on this.
He confirmed today the request for support from the EU in the preparatory phase of the elections and in the observation of future elections.
It is possible that he was not a minor.
If there are going to be such divergent opinions, then in my opinion, we are going to continue to be ineffective.
Indeed, it would put many of them out of business.
If, during such a process, an application is made for mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, this represents a negative example of how a socially meaningful and very responsible EU measure is exploited by international companies to wheedle out of their social responsibility.
With this resolution, we are showing that Europe, in its foreign policy, stands by the values for which it was also established.
(The sitting was closed at 24.00)
The fight against counterfeiting must be one of our priorities and an objective of all national and international policies.
Our resolution addresses an essential requirement for the future of those countries: that of giving women a central role in the democratisation process in Arab societies.
It was a pleasure working with all of you.
Like Hélène Flautre, I would like to ask you to come to the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs to explain to us what the situation is and what action the Commission intends to take.
Here we are meekly rubber-stamping the decisions of our 27-member politburo.
I voted in favour of this report because it advocates the introduction of an innovative vaccine which, unlike its predecessor, carries no risk of healthy animals being infected as a result of vaccination.
Mr President, it is up to us to ensure these goals if we are to get out of the crisis and promote a new model of development, sustainable growth and new quality jobs.
It is important, in pursuing increased accessibility to microfinance, that we do not squeeze out the many excellent private providers that are already there.
Importantly, these figures include premiums not only under Axis 1 but also other Axes.
I would also like to give special thanks, on behalf of my colleague Mrs Niebler - who unfortunately cannot be here today, to the rapporteurs, Mrs del Castillo Vera, Mr Harbour and Mrs Trautmann, as well as to all the other people who have helped to pave the way for a compromise.
Otherwise the principles of international order will de facto be dictated by Korea, Iran or the terrorists of Hamas.
Not only does the regional government find itself unable to pay the wages of 76 000 employees, but it still owes roughly EUR 2 billion to its various suppliers.
I am looking forward to our cooperation and I am proud to be able to sign these acts along with you, Mr President.
The health of animals and livestock is important to the people of Europe, to the European agricultural sector and to the European economy.
We do not have a cooperation and trade agreement on which to hang a democratic clause, we have not managed to send an electoral observation mission, and the funds of the Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights are minute.
Therefore, we have to make sure that industries throughout the sector and beyond the oil sector get the skills and knowledge they need to manage any consequences of any minor or bigger catastrophe in the future.
(SV) Madam President, Commissioner, I would like to say that the abolition of duties and barriers to trade as a step in the provision of aid to Pakistan in connection with this major disaster is extremely welcome.
in writing. - I and my British Conservative colleagues welcome the need for effective inter-governmental co-operation within the CFSP, provided the United Kingdom retains its veto and ability to act alone in its national interest when required.
This is what we are now doing at Copenhagen - not to forget - because sometimes people tend to forget - that it is not just a game between those players but also with developing countries: the poorest, most vulnerable, the African countries.
I come from a country in which a popular movement arose in opposition to the Communist regime - the Solidarity movement.
Even though we ultimately chose to support the resolution, there were wordings that we were opposed to or were doubtful of, and therefore it was not clear how we should vote.
From that moment on, the issue of reciprocity will become relevant.
In the long term, the funding of measures aimed at protecting the environment and the costs arising from the mine closures should be continued after 2014.
Request for the waiver of parliamentary immunity: see Minutes
The costs and bureaucracy associated with the misguided policy of multilingualism will only increase as the EU expands further.
There are 44 000 people in Ireland with dementia.
I have to admit that the enforcement of the Lisbon Treaty has created a new era, and we would like to adapt to this new era.
In terms of the future prospects of the common agricultural policy, I am convinced that product quality must remain the essential goal in the future.
As I am talking to you right now, the fourth round of negotiations is underway in Moscow.
There is a growing amount of evidence that the situation on the ground is not improving enough.
They even begin by acknowledging that the previous strategy was not, for various reasons, successful.
Mr President, there is consensus on this motion for a resolution.
The secret police is headed by Mr Khoroshkovsky, who actually runs a media empire and is now also a member of the committee to appoint the most senior judge in the country.
Strengthening the Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT) by having all the Member States sign and apply it comes within this framework.
Under this heading, the Commission supports the Member States in producing comparable statistics increasing awareness, exchanging good practice and cooperating on research.
I am voting for the report for the reasons given above.
I would like at this point once again to thank Commissioner Hübner, Mr Svoboda and my colleagues Mr Olbrycht, Mr Beaupuy and Mrs Kallenbach for their participation and their active approach.
Today, one production sector, the cereal sector, is doing better than the others - and I think we should, all the same, welcome that.
The next Commission should assess the transposition of the Posting Directive in Member States.
Therefore, the review of this directive on the energy performance of buildings is really very timely and necessary during the current crisis.
Human rights are not just a European concept: they are universal principles underlying human dignity.
The debate is closed.
It emphasises Europe's important role in ensuring the social inclusion of the Roma within the European Union, with the application of this strategy at local level.
I should like to stress that a premature withdrawal of forces from Afghanistan would not only be dangerous for the local population and a threat to the democratic world, but it would also thereby destroy all the good that has been achieved in Afghanistan.
I hope that these guidelines will contribute to helping to overcome the crisis, consolidate social-protection systems and relaunch the economy so that we can achieve the goals set out in the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Therefore I support the rapporteur's proposals, which aim to strike the right balance between the privacy and security of individuals on the web, while fully respecting their fundamental rights and freedoms.
The European Parliament is aware that this agreement is important even for Europeans' security.
We must learn from our experience with Bulgaria and Romania.
In my opinion, we must support the accession aspirations of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, because the country undoubtedly belongs to the European, Western cultural background and, in recent months and years, has made progress in numerous areas.
This plan for intervention in the Netherlands to help 821 people made redundant from 70 companies operating in the regions of Nord Brabant and Zuid Holland falls within the same framework.
However, it has only become topical in recent years, with the enlargement of the European Union.
For us Members - for all groups, I believe - it was important for us to have introduced the Remedies Directive, in other words the directive prepared by Mr Fruteau.
If they do not want to do it, what measures will be taken against the ISPs?
In my view, the debate also clearly showed that the European automobile industry is going through a long-term restructuring process, and that this fact must be taken into consideration.
in writing. - (LT) I agreed with this document, because there are still too many human rights violations in the world.
Thousands of civilians were killed between January and May 2009.
The Council in general is convinced that if we fail to strike an appropriate balance in this regard, those who do not need protection at all, as Mrs Hohlmeier has already mentioned, will be motivated to abuse the asylum system.
It does not propose any civilian and peaceful focus or solution to the conflicts, focusing instead on defence and the militarisation of the EU.
I would like to thank everyone and I am looking forward to the discussion.
The report states that NATO forms the core of European security.
We were prepared for a volcanic eruption but we had different types of evidence regarding the eruption.
You are right, we have spent 1.5 billion, and there are still 2 000 victims every month.
This applies, in particular, to Venezuela, because Hezbollah is not exactly just sitting there minding its own business, and neither is Iran.
By relaunching this issue, the Council and the European Parliament have a wonderful opportunity to show their importance to citizens on practical issues.
We have the necessary financial instruments available.
Let us reach out a European hand to welcome the Belarusian people.
This will, in all probability, involve continued appeals for respect for Georgia's territorial sovereignty and integrity and continuation of the EU monitoring mission, as well as our very important role of mediator in the Geneva talks.
Today, we need to know what the Commission is doing to enforce European law on this issue.
The new NATO concept calls for coordinating national cyber defence capabilities to bring all NATO bodies under centralised cyber protection.
You are right about that.
The final point I want to make is how I think that, more than anything, we have to look, within the review, for practical and innovative ways of getting our messages across.
Despite this, there were security guards stationed at both entrances 365 days a year until recently.
Subsequently, however, our group mentioned the need to safeguard the textile industry and the 'Made in' label, but no response to this position was given in the negotiations with the Council.
The Committee on Budgetary Control will do everything in its power to point out where things are not working.
Finally, I believe that the recent events in Bahrain force us to base the Union's relations with the GCC more firmly on respect for human rights and basic freedoms.
I especially hope that our energies can then be better used for and directed at the Europe of results, of which the Commission President spoke and has always spoken.
Seventeen years after the massacre, hundreds of bodies have yet to be identified.
By protecting tuna, we are certainly protecting an endangered species, but we are also encouraging the continuation of a more balanced and sustainable fishing activity, one that is destined for our internal market and which generates employment.
Mr President, we all agree that there needs to be a permanent financial mechanism for euro area countries.
I get similar letters from people in Cyprus and from property-owners in Bulgaria.
It is also good that the national regulatory authorities are now also responsible for roaming and will therefore take over the control and monitoring roles, which will quite simply provide us with more transparency.
Unity and solidarity are essential, and we will work very hard to achieve this.
Guantánamo: imminent death penalty decision (
Their contribution to the British GDP and to my own region's wealth is of fundamental importance for our country.
This is why I think that when it comes to social protection for workers in the European Union, basic common standards need to be promoted, along with imposing penalties if current legislation is breached.
We need to be able to help the victims and to pave the way for restoring the affected areas.
In line with previous resolutions by Parliament, I regret that the Council has not taken a decision on opening accession negotiations, as recommended by the Commission for the second year running.
We can do it, if we force the issue.
Fair compensation should be sought for the harm and suffering caused to people and for breaching the agreements.
It is a powerful neighbour.
This is not because Afghans are endemically dishonest but because Afghan tribal society sees looking after one's own family and tribe as a self-evident virtue.
It is therefore important to reduce them further and these proposals seek to do exactly that.
All of them gave very specific examples of measures they are taking in this area.
If not, the vulnerable will pay the price for a mess that they are not responsible for.
Slovakia's gas is again stuck somewhere between the two warring parties.
- Ladies and gentlemen, as there is some spare time, I can give the floor to some of the other speakers on the list.
What equipment should the directive actually cover?
The entire investment could be used to generate a total of 8 000 megawatts of wind energy.
The debates that are rooted in the OSCE, without excluding other relevant security forums, have helped restore confidence.
Generally speaking, I am sorry that the European Parliament is not going the way of the US Senate and making nominations that are decisive for the future of the European Union.
I know that Mrs Hedh is very committed to these issues.
The milk crisis made it clear that measures to restrict production are needed in the milk sector.
We do not support Parliament's position in this regard.
We all know that the creation of the Beijing Platform for Action represented a major step forward.
You know me well enough to know that I have always pointed out that increasing energy efficiency is probably the cheapest and most effective kind of sustainability programme, as it enables us to achieve a lot with relatively little expenditure.
Application of this directive has proved to be an opportunity for development of the European economy and has allowed jobs to be created.
Currently, trade on the internal market is being harmed by national technical rules that govern the free circulation of goods and services within the construction sector, which therefore necessitates the revision of Directive 89/106/EEC on construction products.
One of these conclusions concerned the difficulties that may be encountered when implementing the Nabucco project.
The successive wars between 1993 and 1999 did nothing to improve the situation, and opened the floodgates to the scourge of corruption.
We could benefit from a lot from these relations, but there could be a lot of damage.
To this end, it is vital to prioritise production, quality public services, the creation of jobs with rights, salaries, living pensions, social inclusion, and the fair division and distribution of income.
I believe that this report by Mrs Buitenweg is a perfect illustration of this.
It is quite true, as Mr Deva said previously, that the situation has also become partly politicised.
The burden of the social costs involved in the closure or relocation of factories must not be shifted to European taxpayers.
Therefore, the main issue here is not only, as has been said, that this will affect Europe's cultural industry.
The final draft agenda drawn up on Thursday, 4 March 2010 by the Conference of Presidents pursuant to Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed.
I have personally had the honour of being in contact with the regime on a number of occasions and, believe me, Mr Lukashenko has not become a democrat overnight.
The third stage is something only for us.
We need long-term stability for the difficult, labour-intensive and costly activity of milk production.
I know she is about to leave this place and, though we do not always agree on issues, I think everyone will agree that she has done a tremendous amount of work on this report.
The European Union must therefore work to establish an effective development cooperation strategy to help Niger and the whole region out of the difficult situation they are in.
We know that many policies which are important to the European Union derive from it.
These people, who travel, must be granted every available possibility and freedom, and it is in this connection that we still too often run into unresolved problems concerning visas, social security and artistic status.
(The sitting was suspended at 11.20 a.m. and resumed at 12.00 noon)
I should point out that every state is responsible for deciding its own fiscal policy.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, in today's debate I am standing in for my government colleague, the Transport Minister Petr Bendl, who has unexpectedly had to remain in Prague.
As we mark the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty and the European Year for Combating Poverty, sadly, there are already more than 85 million people in the European Union living below the poverty level.
In Finland, tax records are public knowledge and the country is one of the least corrupt in the world.
As a consequence, we have evidence of car manufacturers delaying - if not stopping altogether - development and investment in innovative sustainable technology.
I stress the need to build up an enforcement record for prosecutions and convictions against which progress can be measured and call for the unification of jurisprudence in order to ensure a predictable judicial system and public trust.
At the time, total capital injections from public funds to Anglo Irish amounted to around EUR 23 billion.
We need to do it in the whole food chain.
Well, yes it does, because we will now have in place a similar set of rights for buses and coaches to those that we currently have for other modes of transport.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (ES) We are defenders of human rights and I believe we can say this clearly and confidently; therefore, we do not have a right but an obligation to denounce cases of human rights infringements, wherever they may take place.
However, it is not possible to achieve economic union simply by having a strategy for growth and creating quality employment.
There is a need, not just for simplification, but also for an improved system for companies to access this financing.
EU legislation must not put these systems of solidarity in jeopardy.
I welcome the fact that the Commission has opened two different public consultations in connection with the review of the competition rules applicable to horizontal cooperation agreements.
Harmonised conditions for the marketing of construction products (
Among the proposals to be implemented as soon as possible is the launch of the missing child rapid alert system.
At the 2009 G20 leaders' summit in Pittsburgh, the countries' leaders agreed that the emphasis in national economic recovery plans should be on the retention and creation of jobs.
I think it is the beginning of moving in our foreign policy from interest-based foreign policy to value-based foreign policy.
in writing. - One of the EU's more spurious claims of self-justification is that it has maintained peace in Europe since 1945.
Essentially, the Commission has no genuine plan of action in response to the growing crisis.
Let us forget any thoughts of renationalisation.
I take the liberty of disagreeing with Mr Cohn-Bendit.
On the adoption of the Stockholm Programme, we support the principle that the Member States of the Union must cooperate more to combat problems related to immigration, cross-border crime and terrorism.
I think that, once we are able to assess the direct and indirect costs and benefits of the various energy sources, we will be well on the road to sustainable development.
I hope that it will continue to be superfluous because patients will not need to make use of it.
Unemployment remained lower in these countries.
In my opinion, it is normal to wash your dirty laundry at home and not out in the street.
I voted for the Dess report, since I am in favour of a common agricultural policy reform that reflects the changing nature of the EU's agricultural sector.
This agreement will therefore not only make it possible to obtain factual and objective information from Croatia concerning drugs and drug addiction and their consequences, but will also enable Croatia, through these exchanges of information and best practices, to understand the nature of this phenomenon and better respond to it.
The creation of such a market would help reduce external dependence and make energy prices more affordable, fair and competitive for our citizens and businesses.
As far as the measures that we are going to take are concerned, the communication and the proposals on which we are going to work will be presented next month.
They pretend they do not understand, and demand explanations from the Commission and that Parliament adopt an official position.
Nevertheless, I feel that it is important that we continue to explore for oil and gas throughout Europe in order to further diversify our energy sources.
These two areas clearly demonstrate that the EU already has a well-established and comprehensive strategy for the South Caucasus, whose potential we are seeking to exploit to the fullest extent, a strategy to bring this region closer to the European Union.
Eurostat receives notifications from the Member States.
In July, September, October and November 2009, 20 public debates were held on the initiative of the Swedish Presidency, in accordance with Rule 8.3 of the Rules of Procedure.
It could have started the procedure much earlier than the end of July.
Freedom on the Internet is the best guarantee of freedom of expression.
As far as driving times and rest periods are concerned, there have been significant developments since 2002, because Regulation (EC) No 561/2006, which entered into force in 2007, applies to all lorry drivers and ensures they have suitable driving times and rest periods.
Everyone was in agreement.
However, this will be possible only if Member States can provide, with the assistance of the European Social Fund, the indispensable backing in the area of services, particularly childcare and elderly care.
There are two new structures being created: the Executive Technology Committee and The Centre and Network for Climate Technology.
Besides the new methodology for substance restrictions, one key improvement is the open scope: all electric and electronic equipment, including equipment for the generation of electric currents, will in the medium term fall under the RoHS legislation.
Therefore, I agree with the main concerns expressed in the report: the guarantee of peace, democracy and stability in the Black Sea region, and looking after the European Union's energy security.
This is slowing down growth and reducing the competitiveness of European companies and of Europe as a whole.
Madam President, I wish to move an oral amendment which is simply a stylistic improvement to paragraph 11.
In that respect, I think that we should look back, if only briefly, and feel satisfied at what has been achieved in the last few years.
I would like to ask you, Commissioner, how it is that we can know the news through reports from Hungarians, yet the authorities see and tell us nothing?
This means that the focus must be put on the three-year review period set by this report during which both the Member States and the Commission must try to identify the recommendations between theoretical principles and practical obstacles.
Attacks using chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) materials constitute a grave threat to the European public.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as my colleague Mrs Morin-Chartier and the other Members have said, on 27 and 28 February the violent storm Xynthia battered several French regions, claiming 53 lives and causing huge material damage.
Of course our immediate priority is to deal with the effects of the dramatic events in the southern Mediterranean, but we also have to draw lessons for the future.
The Japanese claim that they have solutions for all the rest too, but we cannot see a solution in the proposals that they have been making to us.
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
Every crisis creates an opportunity; this is the Commission's opportunity to respond to the real problems of Europeans through far-reaching financial regulation which is not as limited and as piecemeal as possible, as it currently is, and which is not made up of national and individualistic schemes, but a real European initiative.
This does not mean that there is no need for the legislation.
In this regard, I would like, once again, to call on the other two institutions, the Commission and the Council, to give this matter top priority in the next Financial Perspective.
It is a programme that needs to be highlighted more, and its aims and objectives need to be realised, in particular, with regard to the European Voluntary Service's activities under the Youth in Action programme.
Many transported animals are going to slaughter - 320 million of them in the EU each year - so that means there is a greatly increased risk of diseases like salmonella entering the food chain.
It is important how the contractual clauses are negotiated so that any consumer can be protected.
We have also highlighted the challenge that climate change presents to our forests.
Ethiopia is not only the second most populous country in Africa and the headquarters of the African Union, it is also the partner - in terms of the Cotonou Agreement - which has prevented the delivery of the EU election report in Addis Ababa in 2005, and more recently in 2010, in order to avoid exposing the irregularities and the manipulation of the elections.
The exclusion of liability in contracts due to catastrophe or force majeure brings to mind the need for a joint fund to tackle the consequences of a global disaster such as that caused by the volcano.
Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. - Mr President, in response to Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra, I was trying to say that there are two issues.
However, this would require the creation of a federal Europe, which should be done through open debates, and not through the back door using tax policy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are facing huge challenges: an economic crisis with higher unemployment, increased exclusion and social insecurity.
The G20 meeting last spring served as a good basis for action and guidance for global consensus on the measures required.
So not even the cessation of conflict will guarantee an end to violence against women.
As President of the European Council, I am responsible for moving the work of the Union forward.
Work on implementing this agreement is still ongoing, and I am not at this stage in a condition to go into details.
In my view it is vital for asylum seekers to be given information in a language that they understand.
However, they are the ones largely being forgotten by EU policies.
Thank you for your efforts.
However, it is also essential that the United Nations accept that after the Treaty of Lisbon, the position of the European Union has altered.
Our society is increasingly mobile, and I think that, now more than ever, it is important to facilitate mobility among European Union citizens, including in a vitally important area such as healthcare.
I hope that this resolution is a first step towards a more global approach to the issue of refugees so that people are dealt with in a more humane way.
Honour-related violence is a key concept in this context.
The only problem is that we have no time left.
the report by Mrs Trüpel, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the guidelines for the 2011 budget procedure, Section I - European Parliament, Section II - Council, Section IV - Court of Justice, Section V - Court of Auditors, Section VI - European Economic and Social Committee, Section VII - Committee of the Regions, Section VIII - European Ombudsman, Section IX - European Data Protection Supervisor
As rapporteur for biogas, I am well aware of the cost of new technologies, and thus that technological development would be very important.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to say that we are just fine here in Strasbourg.
These options tend to lead to greater exploitation of the workers and people, thereby exacerbating economic and social asymmetries between EU countries.
(EL) Mr President, a real war is being waged in cyberspace at the moment.
Mr Speroni, I have some difficulty in expressing my own personal opinion of the difficulties of journalists' work.
We need to be able to learn a lesson in the same way in the case of the Kyoto Treaty.
This is a grave insult to the Netherlands as a Member State.
There are rising budget deficits in many Member States and problems in the financing of pensions.
Our trustworthiness in the eyes of our citizens depends on major projects such as these.
I have not heard about the protection of these people that we have to receive.
I have repeatedly spoken out, along with others, against the acts of mass rape perpetrated in the Congo, Liberia and other conflict zones, especially in Africa.
That is why I voted in favour.
In this context, minimum income schemes are an effective tool for ensuring people's security and reducing the effects of exclusion and unemployment.
As the knowledge triangle is a key element for growth and job creation, I would stress the importance of creating more opportunities for youth in education and employment through increased interaction between education, research and innovation.
That would help to create jobs and provide real opportunities for farmers to diversify and earn extra income.
There is less discussion of liability issues in Europe than in the United States, and the system of European supervision is not yet ready.
However, we should bear in mind some misgivings among countries affected by the cohesion policy, which are looking for some certainty about the policy and do not yet know exactly how reducing this period will affect this predictability in obtaining Structural Funds.
Next year, we are going to start a campaign to raise awareness of these facts.
His family have stated that they know Piotr is not an important figure in the world of top level politics, but they trust everything that can be done will be done to secure his release.
The Treaty of Lisbon has, I am happy to say, strengthened the competences of the European Parliament and thus made it more than ever the driving force for European integration.
I now turn to Parliament's budget.
It is also worth highlighting the focus on the development of aquaculture, with measures for growth, along with tracking and monitoring from an environmental and health standpoint, which will enable its sustainability.
My second point is that the return of the refugees, which Mr Boştinaru has just mentioned, has, in my opinion, been handled in an exemplary way.
You are right.
The incumbent must express the views of the collective Heads of State or Government.
There should be no place for such systems in Europe, as they are damaging to our democracy.
(PL) Madam President, 20 Member States have signed the Council of Europe Convention, the first international legal document which classifies the sexual exploitation of children as a crime.
That requires consistency with the common script established by the three countries - Spain, Belgium and Hungary - but also, and most importantly, consistency with the principles, values and objectives established in the Treaty of Lisbon itself, because the absolute priority is to implement it and fulfil it.
A civil war is taking place in Libya.
First of all, regarding Copenhagen, I am also very surprised when I see many European colleagues with a self-defeating rhetoric.
The established practice of adopting resolutions on the main aspects and decisions of the Council report on common foreign policy and security is an excellent opportunity to appeal to Member States to apply this practice at national level.
They must cover every type of investment. The EU must ensure that no EU investor will be treated worse than under the bilateral investment agreements signed between Member States.
The only solution to the problem is Britain's unconditional withdrawal from the European Union.
Following the Treaty of Amsterdam in 1999, the EU integrated the Schengen cooperation into the framework of its legal powers.
It is only fair to acknowledge the progress achieved, because this new version provides more guarantees regarding safety and service quality.
23 Member States have already joined the enhanced cooperation and the Council is discussing the basic regulation now.
I have said nothing on my own behalf, but have quoted our socialist colleague in Albania.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left supports this improved territorial cooperation programme.
I would like to establish a link between the two, as it is certainly true that women remain the main victims of job insecurity.
With this vote, the European Parliament has once again shown that it is a place where constructive consensus can be reached and that it is committed to preparing for the future.
However, we consider that it would be difficult to make an across-the-board judgement regarding Article 9 of the Cotonou Agreement.
Aware that ACTA does not recommend a solution to a complex and multi-dimensional problem such as counterfeiting, as expressed in paragraph 3, I still believe that ACTA constitutes a valid tool for making existing standards more effective, thus benefiting exports from the EU and protecting rights-holders when they operate within the global market, where various holders of industrial and intellectual property rights are currently the victims of systematic and widespread violation of copyright, trademarks, patents, designs and geographical indications.
In this situation, provocative gestures, such as the recent action by a Hungarian extremist who symbolically hanged the hero of the Transylvanian Romanians' struggle in 1848 for their national rights, only serve to threaten peaceful coexistence.
The Czech Presidency, which I would like to thank here for its support, is also committed to allowing the final adoption of the regulations as quickly as possible.
I would like in any case to thank the rapporteurs from the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs for the work they have achieved, and I also thank them for their understanding, which has allowed this agreement to be reached before the end of this Parliament's term of office.
I think, with regard to the car industry, that we have placed far too little importance on the development of completely new types of car, cars that run on hydrogen, battery-powered cars and cars driven by fuel cells.
We need a democratic regime there and we at the European Union must do our best to establish that because, without that, progress cannot be made.
However, Parliament is saying that this should not become the usual procedure and that we should actually proceed here in accordance with the ordinary Treaty revision procedure.
Basically, nuclear energy is established in a way that means that each country has a nuclear safety regulator who has full responsibility for implementing nuclear safety measures.
This value should continue to be a guiding principle.
Therefore, I call on the Commission to quickly present the new rules on State aid, in order to develop fair international maritime trade conditions.
The problem of illegal immigration is a political problem and one that requires political will if we are to come up with solutions to it.
So one has to make a judgement on which is the proper way to go forward.
You rightly say that we must prevent the farm from catching fire in the first place and that is the decisive point which I would like to discuss.
The amounts that have been dedicated by the European Union to these bailouts dwarf the domestic spending of our national governments.
I trust that Parliament in its entirety will do the same tomorrow.
I therefore believe that this prize should be abolished.
In the event of a disagreement between the Commission's auditors and the bodies being audited, I propose that the option of conducting independent counter audits be permitted, and that a mediator be allowed to intervene so that we do not have to ask the Court of Justice to settle any disputes that may arise between the audited bodies and the Commission.
Berlusconi did that before the last elections and I have no wish to repeat his mistake.
However, I, personally, will be voting in favour of it.
Trade in goods used for torture (vote)
Paragraph 25 of this Saryusz-Wolski report therefore welcomes the extension of the mandate of the EU police mission in the Palestinian regions.
in writing. - For the first time since the Second World War, Russia has been invited to join the missile shield effort, something which can only be marked as a milestone for the Alliance.
(Applause)
Since, however, we are forced to amend the Treaty of Lisbon, this should concern not only issues related to the euro area, but also issues related to other institutional mechanisms which are experiencing difficulties.
I also wish to highlight, as Chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, the fact that we have discussed all the problems - which will arise - with incorporating the European Convention on Human Rights within that shared culture of strengthening and guaranteeing rights and citizenship.
I think it is good that we will have the Treaty of Lisbon.
Secondly, there is no question that in our view, there were problems with these elections; in some cases, serious problems.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Mr Barroso, Mr Reinfeldt, after having spent four days in Copenhagen, I find it extremely difficult to listen to the words 'leading role of the European Union'.
in writing. - (PT) The promotion of equality between the sexes is a core objective of the EU and its Member States.
Morocco is Europe's friend and strategic ally, and it is not good to have doubts or misunderstandings between friends.
As I said earlier, the conclusion in the matter is clear: there is no room for complacency and therefore, we will use every available means to achieve our goal.
I also join with Baroness Ashton in calling for the debate to be extended to include the national governments.
It is barbaric, it should not be countenanced and we need to ban it once and for all.
In my opinion, ensuring that the ESF is managed more flexibly and that this fund complements other European employment instruments and domestic measures is an extremely important issue.
We must come to a wholly new modus vivendi in relations between Parliament and the Commission so that Parliament is kept fully abreast of any negotiations and of the various stages of negotiations, so that Parliament can adopt recommendations during negotiations, and so that Parliament can play a full and responsible participating role as is the case, moreover, in other, though similar, negotiations with EU accession countries.
This is patently obvious from the different definitions of democracy that exist, and I would like to draw your attention to the fact, for example, that the United Nations attempted to define democracy in 2005.
Three years ago, a special parliamentary commission was appointed on Guantánamo.
This makes it very clear that pensions are, first and foremost, the responsibility of Member States.
The Holocaust Museum in Washington DC reckons that it is approximately a quarter of a million.
(PT) Mr President, in the midst of the economic and social crisis, which is having terrible effects on employment and people's living conditions, I am sorry to say that this draft Community budget for 2010 does not go nearly far enough.
This is an agreement that entails a whole series of commitments by the contracting parties in strengthening the enforcement of intellectual property rights.
This has produced a very dangerous imbalance in one area in particular.
Therefore, tomorrow, in the course of a trialogue, the Commission is going to present the modalities for discussion and how we can agree the conciliation technicalities before starting the real procedure for 2011.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Of course, I can only share your concern.
Extending this would cost EUR 17.4 million per year for each further week.
It is just as vital to reduce the administrative barriers between the United States and the European Union, so as to create a competitive environment and a market that is more appealing to individual citizens and businesses alike.
Re-read the Treaties, re-read Articles 67 and 78.
Minister Coughlan, please, please get organised and leverage this unique opportunity for the mid-west of Ireland.
I would stress that the transitional measures must not stray from the general principles laid down in the new treaty, nor must they jeopardise any future legislative procedures.
I thought this would cost thousands.
I voted in favour of postponing the decision on discharge for the 2009 financial year, as the Court of Auditors qualified its opinion on the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying the accounts for the 2009 financial year.
(HU) First and foremost, we should find a solution to avoiding a similar crisis in the future.
in writing. - I strongly welcome this report, which makes suggestions on how the Consensus on humanitarian aid can be strengthened.
Among the first initiatives of this parliamentary term, the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left called for the establishment of a Community fund to compensate victims and for ad hoc funds for decontamination.
It is very much the question whether the smaller broadcasting corporations will be able to afford extra manpower, and who will absorb the extra costs involved?
Through guarantees and recapitalisation, Member States provided the banks with potential support amounting to more than 30% of the European Union's GDP.
The ideas and assistance that we received from the representatives of non-governmental organisations also helped to improve the report.
This means that the plan regulating tuna fishing methods, which vary greatly from one another, ranging from purse seining to traditional fishing using a system of fixed nets, requires additional fine tuning before it can be applied in full.
in writing. - (LT) I endorsed this document, because the Committee responsible decided to approve the closure of the accounts of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009.
Thank you, as always, for your understanding.
I am voting for this motion for a resolution, as it is essential to strike a balance between multilateral, bilateral and plurilateral agreements.
Not only this, but he also failed to request an extraordinary meeting of the Commission, because this was the final sitting of the parliamentary term, unless he decides to extend my mandate to the next term too.
This decision has only deepened the European crisis.
It is very important to ensure that a child is not a means to an end, but one who, through adoption, finds a loving home and who will be treated as a unique, precious individual.
This is an important step which we also think will contribute to improving the stability of the financial markets, and which will support the development of a much more effective supervisory framework.
This is why I call on you to support the Coelho report and urge the Council to take a positive decision.
If we are to achieve a functioning market, it is also incredibly important that the information gathered from European enterprises is protected, so as to avoid any disturbance of the market.
We also need to keep a strongly funded CAP - pillar one to ensure that the rural society is not denuded of people, and pillar two to ensure the delivery of public goods.
We would all like fresh, healthy, local food at affordable prices without hazardous residues from plant protection products.
The transatlantic partnership, jointly representing half of the global economy and united by the common values of democracy and human rights, stands moreover as a guarantor of world stability.
I have received six motions for resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure,.
We are therefore looking forward to an ambitious multiannual financial framework proposal in 2011.
Natural disasters in the European Union
Nuclear energy (ratification by Slovenia of the Protocol amending the Paris Convention) (vote)
We will also be happy to have a solution that is fair to us.
The ENP must continue to be founded on the principles of democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and must support the political, social and economic reforms of our closest partners.
In total, that is EUR 400 billion that we have invested in this crisis in recent months.
The protection should be equal.
Public authorities are there to serve the citizens and their interests, which, in this case, are economic interests.
We shall be happy to report back to you in the coming days through the coordinators for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, and I shall then return to this House in the autumn with our comprehensive proposals.
Secondly, I do not think it professional either to compare the European Union with the Soviet Union, as Mr Soini did.
Believe me, there are literally hundreds of legislative proposals or pieces of legislation in different countries that have had to be amended as a result of this proposal.
Mr Pirker spoke about the labour market.
I would like to compliment the Swedish Presidency and, above all, Commissioner Rehn on their work.
Secondly, the report stresses the need to conclude aviation safety agreements with third countries that have a significant aircraft manufacturing industry; this is a crucial requirement considering the legitimate need to ensure ever-greater aviation safety.
Is it Mr Cameron or Mr Barroso?
in writing. - I voted for this report, but abstained on the three parts of amendment 14 which dealt with GMOs.
the oral question to the Council and the Commission: Political relevance of the EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current financial and economic crisis - B7-0219/2010), - B7-0220/2010).
A trialogue took place in a very short period of time and we were able to reach an agreement with the Council.
The importance of the proposal lies in the serious consequences that tax fraud in the EU (estimated to exceed 2% of GDP) has on Member States' budgets, on the principle of fair taxation, which is weakened as a result of it, and on the operation of markets, because competition is distorted.
Regarding the cyber attacks that you have mentioned, let me tell you that the United States State Department denies having issued any direct instructions to PayPal, Visa or MasterCard, so I do not have any comment to make on decisions by companies to service - or not to service - WikiLeaks.
I genuinely believe it is in the interests of the people of Israel as much as of the Palestinian people to find a solution now.
I do not think I have spoken about anything other than Schengen for the last month!
My fear is that many farmers will be penalised due to inaccurate equipment and that their single farm payments will be reduced.
The Albanian authorities bear the full responsibility for the efficient investigation of the facts and the equitable trial of those responsible.
We take the healthcare-related and environmental arguments of the Member States seriously.
After six years of negotiations, the time has come for recognition to be given to Croatia's efforts in meeting the accession criteria. I hope that in 2013 we can welcome Croatia as the 28th Member State.
This aid is indeed conditional upon certain criteria with which you are very familiar: regular, free elections, freedom of association, freedom of the press, freedom of expression, combating corruption, independence of the justice system, reform of the army and reform of the police.
The European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) has shown itself to be a key EU foreign policy instrument, fostering closer relations between the partner countries and providing benefits for both parties.
The European Union needs stricter financial market supervision, for which one institution would be accountable (G20).
The conference will be held in Punta del Este in Uruguay on 15-20 November 2010.
Mr Mandelson, however, at the time, scarcely dared to answer us because, for him, it was primarily a matter of stimulating trade, as if simply removing customs barriers would somehow miraculously bring about development.
Taxation, particularly any form of harmonisation, is always a sensitive issue.
Another thing that we can do to stimulate demand and to help and lead the motor industry through this crisis is to ensure that the conditions of international competition, too, are also not violated.
I voted against the report on humanitarian aid for two reasons.
With reference to point 61, however, I would like to say this.
The situation in the company Qimonda, which has announced the closure of plants in Germany and Portugal, is, unfortunately, not unique.
in writing. - More investment in research and innovation is essential to guarantee a sustainable and competitive future for our economies.
I think this text was drafted before the crisis; as I see it, protectionism is a reality today.
We do not deplore its substance; rather, we find it pretty feeble.
Finally, let me express my hope that the European Commission, in accordance with Parliament's explicit instruction and the approval of the European Council, will set in motion as soon as possible the complex development programme described in the resolution.
We are at a turning point.
I would like to make just one suggestion, since the statement about the institutional presence of European Members of Parliament within the European Council Parliamentary Assembly when meeting to appoint the judge and the judges is somewhat vague: I would say that there is a small problem with the relationship between the population of Europe, of the European Union, and the populations of other countries.
It was easy to resettle people within the former USSR, and it was accomplished efficiently after the disaster.
Let us take an example: on the basis of the Aeneas programme, the Commission funds a Hispano-Moroccan project managing seasonal immigration between the provinces of Ben Slimane in Morocco and Huelva in Spain.
The Commission opened two rounds of consultations with those concerned, which is good practice in the spirit of legislating well and having public support.
You know that, for the Spanish Partido Popular, this is a question of state and that we will be behind you in everything that we regard as being in the common interests of Europe and that is important to Spain.
Elimination of violence against women (vote)
in writing. - (DE) I was happy to vote in favour of this report.
For the above reasons, we have voted against the report in question.
(FR) Mr President, I wish to thank Mr Goerens for having taken into account international standards concerning the health and safety of workers and international environmental standards, especially those which relate, of course, to exposure to pesticides.
It is therefore necessary to take measures to increase monitoring, detection and correction.
The topic of fisheries is obviously a sensitive issue for the Portuguese, as we have several fishing communities, and it is an absolutely crucial issue for the Democratic and Social Centre - People's Party (CDS-PP).
Mr President, the Presidency also welcomes this debate in the European Parliament as it is an important contribution to the broad consultation procedure on the Green Paper, and the European Parliament's contributions should therefore be given serious consideration by the Commission when it draws up its legislative proposals.
Therefore, the EU must provide the right answer to the negative social consequences we are experiencing as a result of the crisis, which started as a financial crisis and has ended up as a crisis of the real economy, and is also being seen on the labour market.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I think that we are taking an extremely significant step forwards by adopting this report, and it will be very useful with a view to the Barcelona Summit of 7 June, a summit which, as we know, is set to be difficult given the deadlock in negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians, and also owing to various uncertainties and difficulties regarding the definition of the administrative set-up of the new secretariat structure.
The state of emergency has resulted in censorship.
I must ask you, Mr Schulz, where were you between 2002 and 2010, when your socialist comrades in power in Hungary had every single anti-government protest dispersed by force?
I think that measures specifically aimed at this can be included for every macro-region in Europe.
All these forecasts only serve to encourage us towards making full use of state-of-the-art technologies.
His task has not been easy, especially in view of the lack of cooperation on the part of the US Congress.
This was pointed out by an expert from the International Monetary Fund at the Oslo conference, where the IMF joined forces with the International Labour Organisation.
If this does not mean three strikes, what does it mean?
I voted in favour of the report in question because I believe that food safety in Europe depends on clear and decisive regulation.
Moreover, this indignity will cost dear, because once again they will lose the support of the Italians, who will vote in even higher numbers than today for Mr Berlusconi, not least because they believe he is committed to fighting for the well-being of Italy.
Nevertheless, the most important thing is to create conditions for patient mobility, to provide the opportunity to be a European Union citizen, i.e. the most important thing is to also be able to obtain services easily while moving freely throughout the European Union.
For example, the commitments made by the President of the European Commission at the end of 2008 were retained and innovative measures were also introduced, such as the Preparatory Action - Erasmus for young entrepreneurs.
However, it is rather late in the day, and Europe, which has hung on to its ultraliberal ideological foundations, is definitely not the best level at which to make decisions and implement such policies.
We shared the enthusiasm of Moldova's people for a new future.
(DE) Mr President, I and my group welcome the fact that the citizens of Taiwan can now travel freely to the European Union.
The Greek crisis is telling: it is Germany that has control and is imposing its demands.
Case experience, both in the EU and in the US, shows that patent ambush can be a real problem by preventing industry from making an informed choice on the potential costs of the technologies chosen in the standard.
We were allocated a quota that was less than our national production, so we have the extraordinary sight of British farmers using milk as fertiliser or pouring it away down the drain and then having to re-import milk from the Netherlands, France or other parts of the European Union to get up to the level of demand.
Now it is important to monitor the transposition of the directive into the various internal legal systems, with the involvement of regional and local authorities, to ensure that it is carried out uniformly everywhere.
We are uneasy about the situation regarding adherence to ceasefire agreements and we are particularly uneasy about the situation of the refugees who were forced to leave their homes and who are unable to return.
After the conclusion of the ratification process in Poland, we can now say that all Member States have democratically approved the Lisbon Treaty.
Similar situations arose in the western part of France, where many roads were impassable to traffic and caused gridlock to the transport system.
Of course, these translations are extremely important, because they ensure wide access to the latest and most important European rulings and they increase legal confidence in the European Union.
I am absolutely sure that there is no conflict of interest.
Forty thousand cubic metres of radioactive waste is produced each year in the European Union.
Zimbabwe (vote)
I condemn the violence and the loss of human life that have plunged numerous families and all Christian communities throughout the world into mourning.
In this context, it is particularly important for its scope to cover small and medium-sized enterprises as well.
I welcome the harmonisation of the right of withdrawal within 14 days.
This is all in the context of not yet having managed to apply our own energy legislation.
I defend all human beings who live on this planet, so that they can live free and equal - all of them!
As to the assistants' allowance second tranche increase for 2011, this means that the appropriations are currently entered in reserve pending a detailed financial statement of all related costs.
Therefore, the question asked by the President is as follows: faced with an individual such as this, are we going to be able to have frank discussions, as we have been used to having for five years?
(The sitting was suspended for a few minutes)
I believe that the reason cohesion policy exists is to balance living standards and economic development throughout the European Union.
We do need stringent rules and controls on that, while recognising that many British people, but also people from other Member States, like to bring their animals with them.
Furthermore, to reduce them now would have serious consequences for the future of all the Member States.
Because having these tests at the national level helps to avoid Commission intervention.
This is in contrast to the United States of America, where this wealth has dissolved into an indefinable mass.
(FR) Mr President, my group, in fact, wishes to see the two oral questions concerning both the report of the Van Rompuy task force and the six Commission legislative packages on economic governance reinstated in the order of business.
The Covenant of Mayors has a key role to play in this respect, but it is also important to support other, similar approaches, like the idea of a Covenant of Islands.
Petitions: see Minutes
What is the situation with regard to implementation?
They are entirely your responsibility.
We should consider whether other methods for inspecting meat would be appropriate.
Let us be honest with ourselves - after many years of vague political declarations and inactivity, several of us feel an acute need to finally move towards concrete action.
Firstly, it is intended to supply a documentary reference basis making possible awareness, discussion and evaluation of the year's actions, with the aim of improvement, correction and expansion in respect of future operations.
I would like to explain to you briefly why this is the case.
Concerning the allocation of revenues generated by a FTT, as the analysis on innovative financing is still ongoing, I think coming to any conclusions about revenue sharing and allocation would be premature.
This is quite an encouraging response from the United States as a reaction to the activities of the European Union.
However, the idea of the Innovation Partnerships has certain similarities to instruments that already exist, such as the technology platforms of the Seventh Research Framework Programme and the Knowledge and Innovation Communities (KICs) within the framework of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology.
We have discussed this in great detail in the committee and we were not sure whether all the money could be spent.
This will yield results in the medium term.
The question I asked myself was: 'What can the European Union's added value be?'
When we discussed the murder of Governor Salman Taseer, I warned about the rise of religious extremism in Pakistan.
To strengthen the supervision of these actors of Europe-wide dimension, the Commission believes they should be put under the direct supervision of the future European Securities Markets Authority, and that is exactly what we will propose.
This includes opportunities for men and women to obtain decent and productive work in conditions of freedom, equality, security and dignity.
It is instead the power of reason, of human solidarity, applied to a crisis like the Afghan one that cannot be approached with a simplistic solution and mentality.
Ten pages sounds short, but it is full of concrete initiatives.
It was a task of nightmare difficulty in view of the widely varying expectations of the different groups and countries and in view of the fact that some of these expectations were not entirely realistic.
You are right: it is not possible.
(DE) Madam President, we do not have enough bees and we also do not have enough beekeepers.
We talk about food security in Europe; if you want food security, we are giving it to you - we are giving you food safety.
I stand for a particular emphasis on innovation and support measures for SMEs.
It is clear that such an agreement will only make sense if it is binding on the major global emitters: the United States, China and India.
Unfortunately, the Lagendijk report does not explore such ways thus abandoning any realistic drive towards a better future.
Finally, I would like to thank all of the rapporteurs involved for their untiring and highly competent work.
I feel that the action plan presented by the European Commission is ambitious but, at the same time, it is necessary to properly assess the effectiveness and compliance with set objectives of measures already imposed, in order to satisfy the needs of citizens, business and practitioners.
Parliament's demand to the Council and the Commission for a targeted and more coherent EU policy plan to combat all forms of violence against women is a step in the right direction, as is the observatory on violence that has already been mentioned.
This applies to all EU institutions, including the EIB.
In summary, I believe the European Union needs to adopt the necessary legislation to put an end to this violence, and the Member States need to draw up national action plans for combating gender-based violence.
Mr President, this whole matter has caused a lot of problems, particularly in the agricultural sector in Ireland.
Between 2008 and 2010, French fishermen, for example, lost EUR 100-200 in income per week as a result of fluctuating oil prices, even though their turnover remained the same.
However, Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council prescribes that nutrition and health claims must not be misleading and must be based on scientific evidence.
I agree with the proposed increase in funding for all programmes related to these priorities, namely, the Lifelong Learning, PESSOA and Erasmus Mundus programmes.
As for the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions, some people are saying that the Court of Auditors' statement is negative.
I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 110(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
The Member States need to take fast, targeted and temporary measures to support the real economy, because we know that the EU can create prosperity if it continues to develop the internal market, but not if it is distributing subsidies.
(DE) Mr President, I would like to address a critical remark to the Commission with regard to the decision to ban the classic light bulb, which was submitted in writing last week.
Mr President, commissioners, Haiti has demonstrated that poverty severely aggravates the damage done by natural disasters, and also that a lack of governability hinders the possibility of an effective response.
This time it relates to applications from Sweden and Austria in connection with redundancies in the automotive sector and from the Netherlands in connection with redundancies in the construction sector.
In my opinion, the European Parliament, as the only body directly elected by all Europeans, should have rather more power than is actually the case today.
Firstly, we want the new service to have a directorate for peacebuilding and crisis management.
This is not the time to go back over the ground covered in the debates of two years ago.
The poorest countries of the world have contributed to climate change to the least extent and, at the same time, are bearing the greatest consequences of that change.
(Applause)
As a Hungarian Member, I urge that the borders of the European Union are made permeable to persons travelling in good faith.
What about these return operations involving several repatriated persons, insofar as each person's file was assessed individually?
We have just witnessed the Commission's strong commitment to communitising and standardising control, and it would prove difficult to understand the way in which the remaining measures serve, on the contrary, to break up and fragment that control, or the fact that different rules are created for the same activity, depending on where it is carried out.
This is particularly important today, at a time of demographic crisis in Europe.
At this point, I would like to make specific mention of the work programme drawn up jointly by the coordinators of the Partnership for Modernisation, both in Russia and in the EU.
What we need is not more regulation and manipulation of the quotas but the complete elimination of milk quotas.
Creating the post of High Representative and an external service will allow the European Union to answer this question.
We will only be able to confront this reality with a foundation of good joint agreements.
This report is on the request to waive the privileges and immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Gollnisch, submitted to the European Parliament by the Prosecutor at the Court of Appeal of Lyon concerning the investigation carried out as a result of an action and claim for compensation brought, on 26 January 2009, by the International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism (LICRA) regarding the publication of a press release on the site of the Front National Group in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council, of which Mr Gollnisch was president.
This means that this is not an internal issue of Lithuanian policy.
When we view Internet sites today, we regrettably have to acknowledge that there is a lot of the sort of material that is of no good to society or human development.
(HU) Mr President, I do not speak as a Member living at the Arctic Circle either; I only wish to warn everyone that the North Pole does not only hold economic heritage and energy heritage, but it is also one of the greatest examples of our natural heritage.
There is a lack of reciprocity and a lack of proportionality.
In fairness to Mr Schulz, he has stayed here from the beginning to the end and I would like to compliment him on that.
Lastly, the need to allow for a term of 12 months for the application of the regulation after its entry into force, with the aim of allowing the competent national administrations - many of which will be seeing this type of instrument for the first time - to prepare all the necessary legal, administrative and financial measures.
There is no doubt that we must take action to alleviate their pain, but let me make it very clear that this is a short-term crisis which requires short-term market measures by the Commission, as outlined in the resolution.
The current economic and social situation in many European Union countries requires a special approach to the increasing gap between youth and the labour market, although it is acknowledged that investment in young people and education is investment in the future.
(RO) I believe that the initiative on banning the use of cyanide-based technology in gold mining is unjustified.
Mr President, I should not so much like to repeat what Members have said, but why are we, in fact, asking this question?
I voted in favour of the report on the draft European Parliament and Council regulation relating to the citizens' initiative, one of the most relevant provisions introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon, and under the terms of which one million citizens can ask the Commission to put forward certain legislative proposals.
But the EU will remain dependent on imported protein.
What have we ourselves done to lift the hundreds of millions of our people from extreme poverty?
6 years since the criminal war and occupation of Iraq by the USA and its willing allies, a war which has cost the lives of approximately 1.5 million Iraqis;
We are further now from a hope of security than we ever have been.
I fully agree with the objectives outlined in the adopted text, which are: a stringent human resources management approach prior to the establishment of new posts, greater security within the European Parliament, a digital strategy with regard to social networks, the creation of a wi-fi service and a property strategy to manage more intelligently any expenditure on buildings belonging to Parliament.
I will not mention the fact that the initiative will cost European taxpayers EUR 1 350 000.
To achieve this goal, we must promote all forms of cooperation with the aim of disseminating a common European judicial culture.
Thank you for your comprehensive answer.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, if you will allow me, I will try to answer several questions that were raised in this petition.
We have many passengers with disabilities and many whose mobility is reduced for other reasons, and so we also have a duty to guarantee free movement, because first and foremost this is a question of freedom within the European Union.
The Lisbon fanatics in this Parliament will now go full steam ahead to create a new European superstate of 500 million people.
The review clause that we, as Parliament, will be demanding here tomorrow will come none too soon.
The first target of 'more work' is not only very ambitious but also very precise, since it can even be measured using unemployment reduction parameters.
Finally, macroregions are very effective, and here I would like to suggest to the Commissioner that, following the example of other strategies, we create a strategy for the Carpathians, one of the largest regions of the European Union and one of the best endowed in terms of natural riches.
That was certainly the case in Northern Ireland, where the European Union played a crucial part through its support for the International Fund for Ireland, and that peace was copper-fastened last weekend with successful elections.
There is something really wrong with the economic policy of the European Union, as farmers receive less than 10% of the value of their products.
However, a knowledge of history and respect for multiculturalism may act both as a cohesion instrument and as an incentive to growth for local communities, by calling on them to cooperate at local, regional, national and transnational level, as stated in the Commission proposal and as accepted by us.
We urgently need a leap forward in economic governance; we need vision and action, mutual solidarity and close coordination.
The European Commission must consider the consequences of its decision to include all services automatically and by default.
It is also true that, if we want an easy way to reduce CO2, we should be looking not at the steel or cement industries but rather at the energy sector.
The resources that we already have are being bundled together and new ones are being added to complete the picture.
Especially when it came to issues such as the scope, it seemed to be a one-size-fits-all directive, with the same rules for all sorts of funds - not just hedge funds and private equity but also investment trusts in the UK, which have existed for 150 years with no systemic risk.
Equal access to transport is essential for independence.
I voted against the resolution rejecting the indication of the presence of DHA in milk substitutes for babies because I think it is right to advertise the reasons for which DHA is added.
By implementing their own national economic recovery plans, Member States have disrupted the activities of these European groups; therefore we are experiencing many problems, which we will have even more of, if we are unable to rebuild the coordination of economic policy at European Union level.
This report denounces the misuse by the Member States of the European funds that should be devoted to Roma inclusion projects, but it is my hope that the Commission will go further by forcing the Member States to account publicly for their use of these funds.
Elections are approaching in Ukraine, and so for the next six months, Ukraine will certainly be the most important.
Qatar was awarded it and subsequently we saw people suspended for trying to sell their votes.
This is also discussed by Mr Lambrinidis in his report, in which he states that our main task is to find a suitable balance between privacy and security.
In recent years, economic growth has mainly led to managers being paid top salaries, but the poor are getting ever poorer.
When I look at the figures, as Mrs Harkin has done, I am afraid that we have not hedged all the risks in all the Member States of the European Union.
I refer, in particular, to paragraph 20: 'Parliament wishes to see a European Charter of Women's Rights established'.
It is estimated that the number of young people aged between 0 and 14 years will go down from 100 million (1975 figure) to 66 million in 2050, and that the working age population will drop from the current 331 million to 268 million in 2050.
Indeed, as I said before, during the last three years, more than 80 bilateral meetings with all the Member States were held, and expert groups met in Brussels over 30 times.
Despite American support, Turkey will not become a suitable candidate for accession, because there is no sign of huge cultural, geographical, economic and political differences being reduced.
Donor countries should respect their commitment to set aside 0.7% of their GDP to Official Development Assistance (ODA) by 2015.
- Mr President, in the midst of this economic crisis, a crisis conceived and driven by failed policy at Member State and EU level, the protection of jobs and creation of new employment must be the absolute priority.
The Commissioner told us as recently as four weeks ago that there were no problems, that the market would improve and that we must be patient.
13.
I regret the fact that, in the context of the resolution on the climate conference, the call for a global tax on financial transactions, the revenue from which could be used, among other things, to combat deforestation and desertification, did not receive the support of the majority in the European Parliament.
It is not acceptable for you to give me that kind of answer when it is a good thing for employers and then simply change direction when you believe something is good for the other side.
According to the terms of the Telecom package, as negotiated at present, network operators will be able to block access to websites, content, applications and anything else.
I hope that tomorrow no European leader will default on solidarity, because Greece is just a page in the book which is Europe; so if we stand by Greece, we stand by Europe.
I appreciate that it is very difficult.
Fellow Members, I think that I am speaking for the whole Parliament when I say that we cannot allow European citizens to pay the price for political games involving countries using their energy resources as political tools.
That is why I thank you most sincerely, and that is also why I, in turn, will listen to you very carefully.
Workers all over Europe must know that European leaders care.
I have been invited to talk to you now about Europe 2020, but looking in isolation at this package of measures for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth does not really make sense, because one of the key conclusions we can draw from the crisis we are now living is that we have to work together, at all levels and in all areas, to fill the gaps in the framework for regulation and supervision of the financial markets, to restore macroeconomic stability and sound public finances, to launch the structural reforms that can steer Europe to a path of sustainable growth and jobs.
At the Warsaw Conference in February 2010, Lithuania and another eight EU Member States signed a declaration on the new CAP, as a further expression of solidarity and decency.
I would like to comment on four points.
All of this would have been avoidable had there been the necessary international crisis management rules in the banking sector.
Our citizens expect those rules of play to be adhered to.
Thank you for your attention.
It is also essential that the competent regulatory authority be able to halt certain activities if evaluation reveals them to be unsafe.
She has created a directive about fundamental rights, which do not create that bureaucracy which Mr Špidla spoke about.
On 1 October 2008, only 1.7% of transactions were made by way of the SEPA Credit Transfer format.
In terms of political will, we must work harder to achieve more consistency.
This gives rise to the question of whether residence rights are still not being implemented in a transparent way.
The risk of outflow of patients to hospitals in other countries will force administrative decisions to be made on the best use of hospital beds and procedures in the countries which have the longest queues.
Those powers that are working to call into question the legitimisation of the State of Israel must be clearly repudiated by us in Europe.
This is a key objective of the Hungarian Presidency, which will also be a great success for Croatia and send out an important message to the other countries in the region hoping to join the European Union.
Therefore, this FTA - whether its intellectual property rights chapter, its investment chapter or any other chapter - will not undermine the capacity of India to promote, produce or export generic medicines, including through compulsory licences.
Excise duty on beer produced locally in Madeira (
There is also cooperation on research and education, culture and the environment.
I should like to know, however, whether the Commission will reconsider Directive 2007/52 under the aspects it has just listed.
In a case such as this, there obviously need to be clear rules that are the same for everyone.
I do not want to lay the blame for these attacks at the door of the Russian Government.
This decision helps remove the obstacles to freedom of movement for those travelling within the European area.
In view of the dangers associated with unemployment among young people and with demographic changes it is crucial to achieve full use of the potential of the European Social Fund (ESF), and that requires the creation of conditions to achieve better coordination of the ESF with other instruments at regional and local level.
- Report: Neil Parish (A6-0373-2007)
When there are problems in Europe, people congregate in Brussels: more integration.
In my own country, there are many people who are currently unemployed building houses and so on.
We have got to look at the real way of getting people into work - into real jobs.
Thirdly, I am convinced that it is in the EU's interest to complete accession negotiations with Croatia by the end of the year.
Today's votes on the motions for resolutions are based on a debate which takes some beating in terms of its political one-sidedness.
I think there is a wonderful opportunity for the High Representative or the newly created President of the Council to supply that neutral voice, something similar to what George Mitchell did in Northern Ireland, as a result of which we now have peace, and people who were shooting and killing one another for years are now in government together.
The Israeli historian concludes thus: 'Israel will make peace only if pressure is brought to bear on its policies'.
I promise you transparency in relation to how negotiations proceed in Brussels on Wednesday evening and Thursday and what the result is.
Results have been fairly limited.
Following the complete standstill reached by gas supply transiting through Ukraine on 7 January 2009, with severe consequences for those Member States with little possibility to mitigate the cut, we stepped up pressure and after lengthy and difficulty negotiations got both sides to agree on sending a monitoring team composed of independent EU experts, accompanied by observers from both sides.
I would like to thank all the rapporteurs for their hard work.
I do not think this is a good idea.
The initial experience gained over the past two months gives rise to a variety of doubts.
I do not think we can even imagine what that is like.
Parliament's President has been invited to nominate four members to the steering board, and we look forward to that.
The European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights, which is the text that the Court applies, is quite old - it dates back to 1950 - and, like the Treaty of Rome, it was also signed in Rome.
All other European congresses of microbiologists, when they spoke of resistance to antibiotics in humans, spoke of the so-called methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus.
There is such a thing as enlargement fatigue, but let us remember that every democratic European country which meets very precisely specified criteria can apply for membership of the European Union.
At that time this strategy gained widespread support in the Council, Parliament and the Commission as well, and also yielded tangible results.
Belarusians, and also the whole of Europe, expect this of us.
(HU) Madam President, I would be happy to answer, but obviously our time is too short to discuss this in too much detail.
That is why the Commission has proposed, and has now tabled, a legislative proposal for a Common Corporate Consolidated Tax Base.
I would like support to be given to local, regional and individual action.
As a matter of fact, a few days ago, the Brazilian Government decided to refuse to extradite the terrorist Cesare Battisti, who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for committing four murders, and granted this killer the status of political refugee.
At least eight committees of the European Parliament work directly with the 2020 Strategy, and the rest indirectly, so we are highly committed and we are open for further discussion, cooperation and preparing details on how to organise it.
As already stated, it creates a huge number of jobs for both highly qualified workers and unskilled ones.
We are debating, because it is a very distressing matter for all of us.
Art education develops sensitivity and opens up creative potential.
(PL) Madam President, a compromise between proposals by the Commission and Parliament's Committee on Industry, Research and Energy and its Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety has been reached with regard to commercial vehicles and emissions standards, whereby the latter will be reduced for such vehicles from 203 g to 147 g per kilometre over a period of 10 years.
The recent rise in oil prices has affected the economic viability of the fisheries sector and left many fishers worrying about how to offset these additional costs.
With reference to the resolution, colleagues, I would ask for your explicit support for the resolution and, in particular, for the amendment that seeks to insert a reference to the existing anti-discrimination directives, because I think that is the very minimum.
- Report: Gerardo Galeote
It should be an obligatory element of the school curriculum at all levels of development.
This freedom lies behind the functioning of the internal market and thus also behind the competitiveness of the European economy.
I have not yet been to Haiti, but my feeling is that cancelling or postponing the elections might actually destabilise a very difficult situation.
I live on an island which is behind an island which is off the coast of Europe.
The vote will take place tomorrow, Thursday 12 November 2009.
That is, we must review the question of how free the Member States are to block everything, as France has clearly done.
At the same time, and for this very reason, since this programme involves such a priority area and we are talking about an instrument that is intended directly for these NGOs and civil society organisations, it is important that Parliament has a say in the elaboration of the strategy and long-term programme, and it is essential that Parliament should see how these funds are used, and not only at the end of the seven-year financial framework.
In 2008, Parliament had called for these records to be merged so as to facilitate record-keeping.
We can also examine how sustainable economic development in Europe is progressing and how we can refine our environmental policy.
The committee rejected the Commission's mixed proposal for a partial ban and labelling; the committee rejected Mrs Wallis's proposal for a labelling option only.
If, especially now, before the Treaty of Lisbon grants the European Parliament these codecision rights, the Ministers of Justice and Home Affairs want to rapidly push through an agreement on financial transactions, then it is only because they know that massive data protection issues are associated with it and that they would not get away unscathed in the case of the SWIFT agreement.
Mr President, whenever we talk about the European Union budget and European funds, especially about the future Multiannual Financial Framework, we automatically talk about European added value.
Mr Barroso, last week you presented your proposal for an economic strategy.
1.
Mr Albertini's proposal cannot have my vote because there are too many points on which we cannot agree.
We agreed again on conclusions in the Foreign Affairs Council this week and we will continue to monitor the situation.
Because, by doing so, they provide useful assistance to local farmers and we do not end up feeding the people yet, at the same time, killing the livelihoods of the local farmers by providing our own food.
We did not succeed in doing this.
I would like to remind you of the Commission's proposal from last December to remove all visa requirements over time for the citizens of the six future partners.
Many people from Poland go on holiday to Egypt on a regular basis.
Thereafter, all political forces will have to work together, both to elect a President and to choose a government capable of taking the country through a critical reform path.
Operations in the newest nuclear energy plant had to be halted recently due to contamination risks.
The aim is to have a measurable health result, and the specific aim is to ensure that, in time, these problems are increasingly reduced.
The first case was that of a man who came and said 'the first time I was able to vote was when I was studying in Germany.
Czech citizens do not expect fine promises and sympathetic noises from EU bodies, but concrete, goal-orientated actions.
In the last few weeks we had intensive transatlantic contacts on this issue.
China should increase efforts in the area of enforcement of intellectual property rights and address the problem connected with the production of counterfeit and pirated goods inside China.
(EL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, before I welcome President Maystadt to the European Parliament and before I congratulate him both on the successes of the European Investment Bank and on its ambitious business plan, I should like to express my horror about the murderous arson attack on three of my fellow citizens in Athens yesterday, at their place of work, and to express my deepest condolences to their families.
I realise that there is a huge temptation to go against Europe at times in matters of immediate policy, and particularly in the context of the European elections, especially for those who are members of opposition parties in their own countries.
Its rapporteur was our fellow Member, Mrs Trautmann, who is with us today.
So what do we want?
Mr President, on 25 March 2007, you signed on our behalf the Berlin Declaration commemorating 50 years of the European Union.
, in writing. - The current high oil prices have had a severe impact on operating costs of fishermen, even forcing some to stop work.
I wish to make three points by way of response at this stage, before listening carefully to what you have to say.
(EL) Mr President, the Eurodac system is used to collect fingerprints from asylum seekers.
in writing. - The UKIP is not opposed to cooperation in the field of energy efficiency, but insists that such cooperation must be conducted by democratically elected governments and not by their unaccountable proxies in an anti-democratic supranational organisation such as the EU.
Two important steps have thus been taken.
In my opinion, we must continually exert pressure on the Council to grant access to its accounts such as to allow Parliament to properly control this kind of ... (speaker moved away from the microphone) too.
It is important that the country's rich mineral deposits are brought under legitimate national control, both as a source of much-needed income for the state and in order to cut off economic support to illegal armed groups.
50th anniversary of the Tibetan uprising and dialogue between His Holiness the Dalai Lama and the Chinese Government (vote)
Identifying the reasons which led to the failure of the objective of the Bologna Process on the convergence of higher education between the Member States, the importance of adapting education systems, in order to prepare European societies so that they can exit the economic crisis and resume sustainable growth, and the importance of the penetration of new technologies at all levels of education, are key points for the education system of tomorrow.
The previous two were warnings and attempts to prevent what happened to David Kato, the human rights activist who was brutally murdered.
The Single Market Act which we are debating, today, and the results of the social consultations show unequivocally that harmonisation of the EU market involves not just economic processes in the broad sense of the word, but also legislative solutions which are intended to help ordinary citizens in making full use of the opportunity presented by the EU's internal market.
This is why I am saying that, yes, Herman Van Rompuy and Cathy Ashton have been elected, but now they need to get on with their jobs and the Commission has to be set up.
The citizens' initiative gives European citizens the right to make a legislative proposal.
It has been a very interesting discussion here today.
I also believe that all measures regarding access to, and use of, services should respect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all citizens, and this has also been safeguarded in the report.
And yet time is the one thing we do not have.
Commissioner, it is time, long past time, that you brought in straight, clear labelling of origin of where this comes from.
It is positive because it is important to reiterate the need for EU banana producers to be protected, including those in the Canaries.
(NL) Mr President.
As a committed pro-European, I cannot give my approval to the new European Commission.
They are united by the common fate of the worker, the exploited, the producers of the wealth seized by capital.
In my view, we should not do anything, but neither should we neglect doing anything, to secure the success of these talks, and we will also need to appeal to Turkey to do nothing that could thwart these talks, because it is important for the parties to negotiate in freedom about how they would like to shape their joint future.
There is no understandable reason for excluding the entire sector from the regulations.
Some further steps to simplify the bureaucracy are also envisaged.
The goals of the Europe 2020 strategy - smart, sustainable and inclusive growth - must be given immediate consideration.
I know that Mr Verheugen has had intensive and fruitful discussions with the rapporteur, Mr Sacconi, whom I should like to thank for his excellent work - I say this on a personal level, too.
European Union institutions should play a major role, especially as regards that last point.
A year on from the earthquake, the situation in Haiti remains chaotic, the country is still in a state of emergency and reconstruction work has barely started.
High expectations were created on both sides of the Atlantic.
So this really is a very good starting point for the next stage of debates.
Reforms help nations to progress more than revolutions and Europe is a model of good practice in this regard.
We must emphasise these benefits during the upcoming elections, since they are of clear interest to citizens who have seen their quality of life triple in some cases, and for regions that, after having been in debt, are now making real headway.
For this to be possible, it is essential not only to give Haiti non-refundable aid, but also to make sure that the country and its society are given a fresh start.
Based on these consultations the Commission will draft a communication on its findings together with a proposal for an acceptable solution to existing problems.
They have managed to achieve an exceptional compromise with the Council, with the help, of course, of Vice-President Mr Barrot, whom I also congratulate.
It was worth the effort.
Mr Vondra was absolutely clear that this is a single market, and we do not want competitive activities there.
To this end, it is vital for Parliament to draw up a new strategy, in addition to providing financial and human resources, in the form of a separate item of the EU budget.
Today's debate and the resulting resolution are of the utmost importance because we have to send a very clear message now as proof of political consensus on the setting-up of the service to the Council and to the European Commission.
Imams should not be allowed to control politics.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, following the outbreak of the global financial crisis, the European Commission presented a measure - the proposal under discussion today - to strengthen the fight against tax evasion.
I would like to thank you specifically for your defence of freedom of religion.
What we cannot accept is the Commission, as guardian of the treaties, telling us that delegated acts to which it has no legal objection must not be adopted within the framework of this decision, which is so important in foreign-policy and humanitarian terms, simply because the acts seem bureaucratic to the Commission when we say that they are not.
I remember very well how people living in areas close to national borders wanted to find out about the safety features of nearby nuclear power stations.
Unfortunately, she will have to emigrate to another country.
This solution cannot be achieved, however, through terrorist attacks or armed actions.
Mr President, two and a half years ago, I found out that the European Commission had initiated proceedings against Denmark in the European Court of Justice because Denmark had introduced a 2% threshold for hydrogenated fats in food.
We had a summer where it seemed that half of Europe was stranded on holiday, with airlines and travel agents going bust left, right and centre, and consumers being stranded away from loved ones, in countries that were not their own.
The optimisation of water resources, the choosing of crop varieties selected for their resistance to climate change and diseases, the protection of soil from erosion, the preservation of pastures, increased forestation, the restoration of damaged areas, better management of forests in such a way as to limit the risk of fire, and new measures to monitor and control disease are all extremely important measures to adapt European agriculture to the effects of global warming.
These must be scrupulously met, so as not to jeopardise public confidence in the European institutions.
Russia needs to realise that democracy will be good for Russia too.
I believe that the social partners should also be entrusted with the task of making proposals in this area, because they are the best placed to do so.
It is possible to raise these things, even if one is committed to fighting discrimination.
I continue to believe that the traceability issue affects the competitiveness of SMEs and - just as my top priority since being appointed as a European Commissioner has been SME policy, so continuing the work of my predecessor - I intend to continue protecting the health of consumers through quality products which will be the only competitive ones on the international market, because the competitiveness of European Union products is measured in terms of quality.
I voted in favour of this report.
Is it Mr Westerwelle or who?
This is what we did and this is what we continue to do.
We call very strongly for Baroness Ashton, who will travel to Israel and Gaza next Wednesday, to exert all her influence in order to demand the release of Gilad Shalit, the influence with which she is endowed by the mandate of our resolution today, the influence of 500 million European citizens whom we represent in this House.
They should, in my opinion, possess a great deal of expensive, cutting-edge equipment, and be staffed by a team of scientists.
Notwithstanding this, it must be expected that the unilateral suspension of duties will lead to infringement proceedings at the WTO.
The governments of these countries need to seek means of dialogue with the leaders of the demonstrations in order to be able to move towards levels of understanding that will prevent deaths and bloodbaths.
Those are the ones that the Council is accountable to, more than to us.
The first concerns the transfer of competences to you, Mrs Ashton, by prominent countries.
Unfortunately, we have to acknowledge that Mrs Kolarska-Bobińska's report, which is an excellent piece of work, is being debated and voted on a little too late.
The author, Herbert Reul, has indicated that he is running late.
I am glad the EU is taking a very clear position on this matter.
According to colonial rulers, there were too many foreign colonists and too many foreign economic interests in those countries to be able to leave them in the hands of the predominantly black populations.
It is not a pipe dream; it is realistic and also modern.
Before we go on, can I just make it clear to everybody in the Chamber that the Minister is prepared to stay until 19.20, so there will be more questions than would be taken up to 19.00.
Serious efforts will need to be undertaken in the discussion of the new budgetary perspective.
Member States need to promote the image of their agricultural products, both among Community consumers and with the consumers of third countries, particularly with regard to quality and nutritional information, food safety and safe production methods.
In particular, the trafficking of young women for use in the sex trade is a relic of Europe's fragmented past and must become an aspect of European history.
That would not be a sufficient answer.
The negotiations in no way legitimise Russia's conduct in Georgia, including in the territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, and the EU has its red lines clearly set in this respect.
I understand that we all know that the crisis has created a challenge for many Member States that are net contributors, as a result of which there is pressure for the next financial perspective to be reduced in money terms.
This is a time for all of us to fulfil our responsibilities and our commitments.
This is a consumer protection issue as well as being an internal market consistency issue.
I would also like to point out that I will not be giving my backing to the report on Croatia, primarily because it does not treat Slovenia fairly.
There were many discussions, many opinions and many assessments, but a joint decision that would be acceptable for all third-country workers legally residing and working in EU Member States has not been reached.
It is true that if Parliament had not twice voted in favour of the famous Amendment 138, we would not be where we are today.
I firmly believe that modernisation of the Korean democratic people's army should not be a priority to which the citizens of the European Union should make financial contributions, and that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea does not yet belong to the list of countries proposed in the appendix by the Commission.
In agreement with the opinion of the Eurochild international organisation, I would also like to emphasise that combating child poverty should be handled not only as an economic challenge but also as a children's rights issue.
What are the next steps likely to be?
Just in the last few days, the Russian authorities have used blackmail to put pressure on Ukraine, making changes in gas prices dependent on the country joining the Russian customs union or a merger between Gazprom and Naftogaz.
It is regrettable that the proposal for a regulation only applies to national and crossborder bus and coach journeys that are at least 250 km long.
I am not in favour of this report as the final version with the votes on the amendments is manifestly unfair, as it allows migrant workers to remain legally unprotected in some important areas such as social security.
Thank you once again for your contributions. I am looking forward to the discussion.
Remember that this EU budget is still lower in relation to the Member States' economies than it was when Sweden joined in the 1990s, for example, despite enlargement from 15 to 27 Member States.
May I also confirm that lots of new ideas have come from other Members.
Once a polarisation of this kind has begun, it is very difficult to transform the situation into one that resembles the democratic norm, because in this context, exclusive power is completely rational, which is tragic.
First of all, the Commission will be putting forward a proposal next month to relax the visa regime for Taiwanese citizens.
Look at the reaction to hedge funds, for example.
Tomorrow, Parliament, in agreement with the Council Presidency and the European Commission, will provide a concrete response to these expectations.
This report is intended to deal solely with the occupied territories.
Crop statistics (
Giving preferential treatment to some of the parties who are lodging appeals is inappropriate.
As for hygiene, I cannot share the view that, in this case, the risk of contamination is higher than other products, for example minced meat.
The disclosure of pre- and post-trade data, previously only stipulated for shares, is now to be extended to bonds, centrally cleared derivatives, structured products, funds and certificates, which will increase the efficiency and transparency of the price formation process.
Such an imbalance is an increasingly serious practical and moral obstacle for further progress.
There can be no competitive commercial policy without innovative, good quality industrial production.
Similarly, the special characteristics of cosmetic products, which have a direct effect on the decision to purchase them, have been impossible to verify with any certainty.
He has issued a decision under which schools where teaching takes place in ethnic minority languages may henceforth use only history text books that are literal translations of the Slovak ones.
(ES) Madam President, I think we are all aware that five hundred million members of the public will be following the European Council to be held next week with unusual attention.
Of course I understand their attempt to try to safeguard the traditional rosé and that is the reason why the Commission has been looking at various solutions on the labelling issue.
The decision came following intensive dialogue and substantial progress by these countries on the main matters covered by the visa liberalisation dialogues.
In paragraph 34, I have called on all parties to ensure that a solution is reached in respect of the division of Cyprus.
However, the new powers will also mean new responsibilities.
However, it is not clear in the report whether the EU is to establish maximum harmonisation in this area.
Mrs Malmström, I would like to congratulate you on your election and your move from one bench to the other.
In addition to making it easier for small businesses to participate in public procurement by providing better access to the internal market, making it easier to obtain capital and making the rules on state aid non-discriminatory, there must also be a change in attitude permeating all decision-making, in schools, universities and the workplace.
Well, after that torrent of words, Mr Stevenson has the floor.
I do not underestimate the difficulties in the dairy sector.
Question Time (Commission)
This is what I wanted to say.
The leaked information shows that research results may have been manipulated and, as a result, unreliable information on the greenhouse effect and climate change may have been issued.
That indicates that our agricultural policy only really serves the interests of the large concerns.
First, the poverty challenge.
Agreement between the EC and Barbados on the short-stay visa waiver (
As a liberal, I am against subsidies being granted to commercial companies, but not in the case of companies which have definite restructuring programmes.
This week, it is imperative that a European solution is found to this crisis, and it must be a Community-based solution - I repeat, a Community-based solution - which must be envisaged in accordance with European rules and within the framework of European financial aid mechanisms.
We hope that this text, which should be adopted by the next JHA Council and then submitted to the December European Council, will be an ambitious and balanced text and obviously one that reflects the new institutional balance.
An age limit above which children have to be passport holders needs to be established, and also cases in which a single passport is issued to a holder and his or her children without biometric data should be eliminated.
It does not mention that in autumn 2006, the police, orchestrated by the government, injured, imprisoned and subjected to sham criminal proceedings several hundred peaceful pedestrians and demonstrators commemorating a special event.
Our food must be safe.
The Commission may, however, assess the constitution - as it may any other legal act of a Member State - from the perspective of its compliance with Union law.
Before finishing, I would like to briefly explain a number of innovations in the work programme.
Developed countries want strong goals, NGOs want ambitious goals, while - not surprisingly - the economic players are happy with realistic goals.
For victims, creating shelters is not enough.
We need to remember that, before being a market, before being a currency, before being a set of institutions, the Union - our Union - was a vision, a belief, a dream.
We are offering an opportunity to upgrade relations by means of an association agreement and extensive free-trade areas.
In view of this, I voted in favour of this report on the amendment to Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common register for the registration and monitoring of organisations and individuals who participate in any way in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
Within the scope of this neighbourhood policy, Regulation (EC) No 55/2008 introduces a specific system of autonomous trade preferences for the Republic of Moldova, which provides free access to the EU market for all products from Moldova, with the exception of certain agricultural products listed in its annex, for which limited concessions have been given either in the form of exemption from customs duties within the limit of tariff quotas, or in the form of lower customs duties.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
None at all.
I regret this most sincerely and I do not think that this is how we will promote respect for human rights in the world.
(FR) Mr President, I have two points.
We have endless opportunities to create green jobs, but our policies must be aimed in the same direction.
This has to be agreed between the Agriculture Commissioner and myself, and if we do not agree then it goes to the College of Commissioners and it is the College of Commissioners which takes the decision.
(HU) Thank you for this opportunity to speak.
These guidelines represent a foundation upon which the Member States' National Reform Programmes are currently being constructed, and it is after all these programmes which will determine the success of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Here I shall quote the Chairman of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, Martin Schulz: 'Europe cannot successfully compete with other regions of the world on low wages and social standards, but on technological innovations, higher quality of work and the competence and knowledge of its people.'
The PASOK group voted in favour of the alternative motion for a resolution to the Schmitt report on better schools in the EU, which succeeded in deleting the reference to the education of children of 'legal' immigrants only and contained other improvements.
Mr Turmes, I really am trying hard to remain calm and objective here.
I must contradict the rapporteur because this is quite a typical process for dealing with differences of opinion at committee or parliamentary level and not everything can be accommodated by compromises.
The people of Europe, who are overwhelmingly opposed to this accession, and whose governments, like this Parliament, refuse to listen to them, are being made fools of.
So the Commission will therefore examine the extension of current legislation on safe management to the secondary road network of Member States.
It is absolutely essential that sport is first and foremost recognised for its social, entertainment and health values and that these values are in no way threatened or manipulated for financial gain.
Only if there are watertight rules for these things will the revision have succeeded and better protection be afforded to millions of EU consumers.
I believe that the added value of the political agreement reached should be seen as important, above all since it calls on the Member States to introduce a quality management system for their maritime authorities and to comply with international rules in this area, the most important of which being those resulting from the International Maritime Organisation conventions.
She will have to put together, using the best of the synergies, those two competences.
in writing. - (SV) The amendments tabled by the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection are, unfortunately, of poor quality from a purely legislative perspective, and Chapters II, IV and V are superfluous.
The internal market and the euro represent two real shields for the European Union in the financial, budgetary, economic and social storm which the 27 are currently weathering.
There has been a need for a very long time to initiate negotiations for a new agreement with Moldova.
Europe is eagerly awaiting the creative ideas of its citizens.
In our view, we very much need both of these to halt deforestation, forest degradation and the decline in biodiversity.
However, the Commission has not yet programmed any specific legislative measure in terms of follow-up to its green paper.
Although it might be argued that, due to the particular set of circumstances that led to the decision to grant autonomous trade preferences to Pakistan, the proposed measures will not create a binding precedent, this explanation is not entirely convincing.
There was therefore an urgent need to establish procedures to combat illegal trade in timber by more effectively analysing and overseeing the often complex trading patterns.
Those who are participating in this debate here today will share this view, and I think that we will also be able to achieve a very large consensus in the debate.
After all, buck-passing may not be fatal, but it does spread even more rapidly than influenza.
Furthermore, men and women who stay home for long periods of time to take care of the elderly or young children often lose out economically because they don't have an income and their work is not factored into the GDP even though it is important work.
In the Yemeni case, there are 300 000 internally displaced people and many more hundred thousands affected by six wars in six years in the north of Yemen.
It is flooded with quotas and the price is too low, so there are no incentives to invest in green technologies.
I fear that the new retention rule, also extolled by Commissioner McCreevy, will, in fact, impede the revival of securitisation, which is an essential and predominantly beneficial mechanism for funding mortgages, car loans and consumer spending.
Why was it not checked by state inspectors and by the company itself?
It is important that Member States which do not have their own consulate in a third country are represented by another Member State which has diplomatic or consular representation in the relevant third country.
I therefore want to express my thanks and gratitude, in this House, to you, Mr President, to Vice-President Tajani and to all my colleagues in my group.
Before making any decisions, I think that Parliament should initiate a European strategic conference bringing together the European institutions, the Member States, authors' unions, libraries and even public telecommunications operators, to create a European public digitisation model that respects authors and their works and which makes them accessible to as many people as possible.
I hope that the European leaders will be present and say 'yes' when it comes to responding to these challenges in a collective spirit.
This year's report is similar in structure to the 2009 common foreign and security policy (CFSP) report.
Mr President, yes, I am replacing Mrs Sartori, who is in fact detained in Italy, and I pass on her full apologies because she was particularly keen to be present here today.
Only a year ago, introduction of the concept of geographical balance to the debate on the European External Action Service met with huge opposition, even from within the European Parliament.
I therefore agree with the measures proposed in this resolution, not least the condemnation of those responsible for massacres in these countries, and hope that they have an effect in as short a time as possible so that the humiliation of their people can stop.
The increasingly bitter political stalemate has resulted in four needless deaths.
Seeing Madam Durant presiding over our session this morning, I would like to highlight one additional element.
(DE) Mr President, this is not supposed to be a dialogue.
Equally, if these companies move outside the EU, they also have concerns about that.
The government's efforts against the Pakistani Taliban represent a positive move.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Diamandouros has been a real asset for our citizens and for the European Union and I would like to thank him sincerely for his work.
The Lisbon Treaty has created the framework and necessary instruments for such action.
I would like to thank those Members of Parliament who have intervened, and I have taken note of their remarks and their questions.
The European Union has already done a lot towards repairing the banking system, but here also we need to do more.
It was known back in 2007 that the architecture of Swift needed to be reformed.
We must ensure that the criteria set are met.
'The President may give the floor to Members who indicate, by raising a blue card, their wish to put to another Member, during that Member's speech' - not later - 'a question of no longer than half a minute's duration' - a question only - 'where the speaker agrees and where the President is satisfied that this will not lead to a disruption of the debate.'
However, we currently risk being accused of protecting the leading figures from the previous government with a European political 'screen', including former Prime Minister Tymoshenko personally.
We have to learn from our mistakes.
The question now is whether 2014 or 2018 is the right deadline.
However, we have to admit that in the last 15 years, not one European legislative text on the environment has included the aspect of gender.
It is of paramount importance to European citizens that these resources are used for their intended purpose transparently and effectively.
Banning political parties is a large step back, however.
The predominant substances that deplete the ozone layer are found in aerosol propellants, refrigerators, insulating materials and certain specific solvents and cleaning agents.
It is true that the finance ministers in London and The Hague have right on their side, but nevertheless they also have a significant responsibility.
Did you have any reason to doubt the democratic legitimacy of Mr Stanishev or Mr Kalfin or their loyalty to the institutions of the European Union?
The agreement may be suspended or repealed, but that decision can only be made in relation to all the Member States.
Ladies and gentlemen, as I have already indicated, the situation is complex, and has its own inner dynamic.
14.
I am speaking out, on behalf of a minority numbering more than half a million, against Slovakia's national language law containing certain articles which infringe and restrict the rights of this minority.
in writing. - I supported this resolution as trafficking in human beings is a modern form of slavery, a serious crime and a severe violation of fundamental human rights.
After all, these are unstable markets, and the projects involved when it comes to investing in climate-change adaptation are small in size.
At the same time, I congratulate Mr Martin and Mr Corbett and those who have participated in this debate.
In all of these countries, force has been used to suppress demonstrations being made by people who are demanding democratic change.
The six-point agreement is not being implemented.
13.
Firstly, the Commission instructed an agency to take over the administration of the programme and to simplify the administration procedure even before this regulation was proposed.
I do not think that we need unnecessarily to give the authorities in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia the opportunity to use statements like yours to attempt to shift the blame for the reforms that have not been carried out and the objectives not achieved to the European Commission and European Parliament.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, thank you for your report. The question of security of supply for our citizens is becoming ever more important.
At this sensitive time of not only economic but also political international crisis, not to revise and update the conditions for access to or exclusion from the list is a choice that goes against the best interests of the European Union.
These elections on Sunday must be free and fair, and people must have access to information.
This is an extremely important issue as far as Europe is concerned, and so it is of paramount importance to make having children easier.
Third, Haiti's development will have to be assessed on the basis of criteria of relevance, effectiveness, efficiency and sustainability.
Finally, I would like to express my thanks to the advisers from the Committee on Regional Development and my own political group for their help in drafting this report, and to all who participated in today's debate.
However, what democracy has a system whereby when it comes to applying the rule, we treat the people covered by the rule differently?
The fact that the report calls for aid per hectare is a positive thing.
Mr President, Commissioner, honourable Members, I would like to thank Parliament for giving me the opportunity to talk about the very important issue of asylum application procedures this evening.
Today, due to the continuing evolution of media and information systems, ICT is increasingly exposed to threats that cannot be addressed effectively at a national level alone.
We must show determination and push forward with the internal reconciliation process in Afghanistan and include moderate members of the Taliban.
We were also concerned that, by dividing the responsibilities between different commissioners, consumer protection would ultimately receive insufficient attention.
I hope that she will continue to do so.
That is why we have to focus our energy on providing wide-ranging, high-quality education and, furthermore, pay attention to the perspective of gender, so that the underlying causes of youth unemployment can be eliminated.
All this is also the fruit of your work and your input.
I believe that there is a chance that we could obtain significant reductions.
There is no denying that the technical securing of borders will not automatically make them impermeable as long as problems persist in combating corruption in the justice and policing system.
The programme's target group is not only students or secondary school pupils, but also adults, thanks to the Grundtvig programme, and training staff, for whom study visits are provided.
Through today's vote on the joint resolution, Parliament has reiterated its demand that PNR information gathered should not, under any circumstances, be used for exploitation or profiling purposes.
The members of the European Commission took pains to confirm this during the hearings in the European Parliament's committees by unhesitatingly supporting: the imperialist nature of the EU, the strength of its anti-grassroots policy and its military interventions at international level, in order to promote the profitability of capital; their dedication to the completion of the single market and the four Maastricht freedoms, competitiveness and capitalist restructurings, in order to put suitable conditions in place for the concentration of capital; the stepping-up of anti-grassroots measures in an all-out attack on the workers' labour, wage, social and insurance rights, in order to increase the profits of the monopolies; an increase in and the strengthening of reactionary prosecuting tools, in order to repress workers' and grassroots demonstrations.
Organ transplantation represents the only therapeutic alternative for patients in the final stage of liver, heart and lung failure.
That is why we encourage Vietnam to adopt a press law that will be in line with Article 19 of the ICCPR on freedom of expression.
Let this be a lesson to us.
But we can only work by virtue of the people who come to us with problems and address them and their particular needs.
Decisiveness on this point would be helpful.
rapporteur. - Mr President, first of all I think it is important to say that no one should be against increasing the level of safety and strengthening the safety rules.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is now an ever-increasing awareness that there is no health without mental health.
The falsification of medicines is an organised crime that endangers peoples' lives just like narcotics trafficking.
A second point that is important to us is the connection between the traditional foreign policy areas and new areas such as energy policy, climate policy, justice and internal affairs.
The vote will take place tomorrow (Thursday, 17 December 2009).
The results of the presidential elections in regions with a higher proportion of Hungarian residents and the narrow margin of the final results indicate that the votes of the Hungarian community contributed to the victory of Mr Yanukovich to a great extent.
The fourth point, and this has already been mentioned, is that food security must be protected.
We need to create more jobs and more capacity in our labour markets.
However, I am pleased that in your remarks today, social issues were given greater importance than was the case a year ago.
That is a good thing.
If it is to honour the commitments it has made, Europe must work to ensure that three primary objectives are fully met in Kosovo: a stronger and more complete integration of the Albanian and Serbian communities, full implementation of the rule of law and the strengthening of Kosovo's democratic institutions.
The European Union must take action to reduce this influence. In fact, history shows us that these actions must be vigorous.
Lady Ashton, since when has permission been required from anyone in order to exercise religious faith?
You can rest assured that Europe understands that it is going through this difficult time, but I think that several countries are in this situation, several countries will experience the same thing in the future, and austerity and solidarity are not mutually exclusive.
This amounts to favouring Korean imports at the expense of the competitiveness of European industry and at the expense of unemployment.
That is not the spirit of the treaty.
My question to Baroness Ashton is 'What steps do you intend to take if the situation were to degenerate and the use of force were to threaten both the Ivorian citizens and the expatriates living in Côte d'Ivoire?
Mr President, the Zaragoza 2008 International Expo closed on 14 September 2008.
The negotiations must continue.
These pieces of equipment are playing their role in Côte d'Ivoire, just as they have done in North Africa, with people texting for assistance and medical help.
After the vote on the report by Carlos Coelho
Vice-President of the Commission. - We do not have any ideas on how to produce such guidelines as yet; this is definitely a very complicated matter and we will discuss it with Member States.
I would remind the House that expanded access to essential vaccines is a key lever to achieving Millennium Development Goal 4: a two-thirds reduction in child mortality by 2015.
Unfortunately, the limits to this report are also numerous.
A general strike will take place in Greece and a major demonstration is planned in Barcelona.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, I will be brief to compensate for the time that Mr Portas took.
It concerns the CIA using European countries for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners.
apart from the reduction in agricultural income, regardless of the production sector in which it specialises,
Such a situation is often caused by the prevalent partly negative public and political attitude in society and the stigmatisation of the mentally ill.
Others have mentioned others.
I would hope that the Council also appreciates the importance of regional policy and its strong link to the Europe 2020 strategy.
If this inequality was the fundamental cause of this phenomenon, countries in northern Europe, which are renowned for their very progressive culture and customs, ought to have the best results.
I have voted in favour of the Estrela report because I do not want there to be any misunderstanding about the following: it goes without saying that women have particular needs during and immediately after pregnancy, that it is very much in the interests of society as a whole that these needs are met and that society, therefore, must also bear a great deal of the responsibility for this.
It is clear that the major players for the future of cohesion policy are the regions and not the Member States.
It is not only the number of jobs that must be increased, but also their quality, and this requires action particularly by the Member States, which must also maintain their commitment to fighting poverty and promoting social inclusion.
She draws attention to major concerns within the field of European research: the question of the complexity of the rules for the beneficiaries and the very heavy administrative burden.
That is also a very significant amount, and our intention is to continue this policy and apply sanctions very rigorously when this is needed.
Although all Member States officially grant the right to apply for asylum, problems occur with the national access systems.
The continuous violations against women are absolutely unacceptable and it is highly important for the European Union to put pressure on Afghan government in order to get the situation under control.
I shall conclude, Mr President, by mentioning our proposal for the European Union to become a member of the European Investment Bank, so that that intergovernmental instrument can gradually become a Community one.
I think the next phase of the European Union 2020 Strategy will have to be more refined and more sophisticated, having specific targets - agreed, of course, with the Member States - but for different situations.
There is one thing I would like to add.
However, since the ALDE Group has probably not had enough speeches, the last speaker is Mr Gallagher.
(DE) Mr President, the 5% increase in the budget is explained by spending on the External Action Service, border protection, the war on terrorism, an increase in development aid, support for research and transnational infrastructure.
Firstly, price stability has been established at a level of slightly less than, but close to, 2%.
It would also be hard not to interpret Russia's recent nomination of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange for the Nobel Prize for Peace as a provocative gesture.
On the contrary, the result will not be a patchwork of subsidies.
(RO) I am delighted to announce in this House that Mr Traian Băsescu has been reconfirmed as President of Romania.
The EUR 2.4 million to be mobilised will certainly fall short of addressing the negative effects of the redundancies, but it will be of significant help.
That, however, was not the situation we found ourselves in when we began.
Without an agreement over the source of finance in this area, we will not achieve our objective of implementing the new instrument rapidly.
in writing. - (IT) Mr President, I have voted in favour of my report on developing a Common Aviation Area with Israel.
We had a fiasco a year ago in Copenhagen, when 15 000 unqualified people, including MEPs and the whole entourage, descended on the place to double its carbon footprint for a fortnight and got hopelessly embroiled in climategate, which was very neatly timed to scotch the proceedings.
The European Union and Tunisia have been linked by a partnership for many years - they are our neighbours from across the Mediterranean Sea.
Innovation and knowledge, combating exclusion, green economic strategies, a digital Europe - as a list of slogans, this does not sound too bad.
On the other hand, sanctions should not be decided by the Council, because Member States will always be reluctant to punish each other.
Madam President, I would like to thank Ria Oomen-Ruijten for all her hard work on this.
Do we still want to live in a Europe of illusory values, or of real values?
Today you have served the European cause well!
At the same time, the Council has taken the issue of human rights very seriously, as evidenced in the contractual relations of the European Union with countries in various parts of the world.
I would urge the Commissioner to bring this message clearly to the College and to address it in a way that shows us as acting in a coherent way, as the European Union.
Under the Charter of Fundamental Rights, every citizen has the right to have his or her affairs handled impartially, fairly and within a reasonable time by these institutions.
It needs, of course, to avoid being the expression of the will of the public in only one country or a limited number of countries.
Romania and Bulgaria are feeling the full impact of the global economic recession which has hit the last two countries to join the European Union, against the background of a disparity with the developed economies of the other Member States.
It will not be within the power of the affected countries to fund this exclusively from their own sources.
They can all vote in local elections in Ireland.
We are therefore against them.
This money is not being used effectively if it remains in Brussels' coffers.
The AU is all too often silent in the face of autocracy, corruption, electoral fraud and illegal coups d'état.
The Dutch national, Zahra Bahrami, who had been mentioned in our hurried resolutions previously, was sentenced to death, and her lawyer, Nasrin Sotoudeh, received an 11 year prison sentence 'for acting against national security'.
- (SK) Firstly, I would like to say that I understand the efforts to secure freedom of choice for consumers over the selection of the garage they would like to use.
I am particularly pleased about the definition used by Commissioner Andor in connection with full employment as the target, that whoever is able to and wants to should be given the means and opportunity to work.
We do not know the immediate outcome of the civil war in Libya, we do not know whether the new political order in the Maghreb countries and Egypt will be conducive to democracy, or whether even worse conditions will arise with regard to democracy and relations with Europe.
We must reduce the gap separating the north and the south sides of the Mediterranean in development terms.
We want to say this very clearly - less of national governments, more of the Union, more of Parliament.
This is not a Polish-Belarusian or a Belarusian-Polish conflict.
It is important that Parliament have something to say as regards its scrutiny of this and future financial instruments.
It is therefore necessary to conceive specific instruments that will give small and medium-sized enterprises back their capacity to produce and create new jobs, because the whole of society will benefit from this.
It was clearly just an error of some kind.
For this reason we have requested the agency, with the cooperation of the Internal Audit Service, to conduct an audit and present us with the results by the end of June.
However, difficult decisions remain for Parliament, such as that on funding for the Microfinance Facility - I hope Members will still regard that as a priority - on ensuring that we find the funding for Kozloduy in the next three years, and on finding funding for new priorities: priorities coming out of Copenhagen, priorities coming out of the implementation of the Lisbon Treaty and priorities coming out of the new 2020 strategy we will be discussing next year.
Incidentally, the situation is the same if I try to speak in English.
Regrettably Pyongyang has nuclear weapons and seeks collaboration with other nefarious regimes around the world, such as Iran.
Naturally, the opening of Mercosur negotiations is an extremely important issue for our fellow Members in the Committee on Agriculture.
This is why we need to have standards for working conditions, which enable us to take into account these workers' health and safety, as well as clear rules on their employment.
Modern, just-in-time delivery systems, service agreements and so on make it extremely difficult for fully legitimate products that we want to export and see more of.
As in the case of all important matters pertaining to the accession procedure, both the European Commission and the Council will, of course, pay particular attention to such issues.
European industry and its multiplier effect account for approximately a third of the EU's gross value added, and it provides a livelihood for 57 million people.
This is not acceptable.
As an example, she mentioned the most widely read right-wing news portal, www.kuruc.info, which, due to the anonymity offered by the Internet, was in the lead in exposing the infringements committed by the former government.
Tensions that are turning into open conflict are threatening to overshadow South Sudan's independence and plunge the region once again into chaos.
During the debates in the Committee on Culture and Education, I suggested that the European Parliament should have certain controls over the project, but I realise that, based on current rules, this is not possible.
In 2008, as already highlighted by the rapporteur, the number of refugees grew to over 12 million.
Spectrum is a national competence: I am aware of that.
Around 46% of the world's land mass can be considered a natural environment, a wilderness untouched by human civilisation.
We will continue to do so.
They must also take action themselves to eliminate the many abuses in their communities.
At the same time, the EU has its own responsibility because, as has rightly been said, EU-Georgia relations will become a test case for the success of the Eastern Partnership and the EU's role in the region.
We will not be voting for this resolution, which invites universities to merely meet the needs of business, ignoring the other stakeholders in economic and social life, which is not limited solely to businesses.
Your recipe will be contested, but not by Liberals and Democrats.
Article 49 applies to each and every European country, including those that have not yet been mentioned in the debate today.
Whilst I do believe that the Council has a duty to listen to the views of this House, the EU's only directly elected institution, I do not believe that VAT systems should be harmonised.
Guidance and assistance is being given to them in order for these countries to build the required public management structures and public financial control systems.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has done what it needed to do in the face of a global financial crisis 'made in the USA'.
Our civil rights, as citizens, are to be strengthened by this Treaty.
Indeed, we need a strong impetus, expertise and a decision timetable which the European Central Bank could draw up and which the Council of Ministers for the euro area, presided by your good self, Mr Juncker, could then adopt and implement.
Honour killing is a hideous crime and we must do everything we can to combat it.
It was time to discuss issues and you had some tough questions, from me among others.
At the same time, however, I would like to point out that until the Commission introduces a public portal with information on the circumstances of suspicious contracts funded by the Union, not much will change.
Developing countries in particular continue to have a high rate of new infections, and, as a result, a high death rate.
Would we in Europe have been able to act as quickly, as decisively and as consistently without the single currency to bind us together?
As we steer our way out of the crisis, we must look to European solutions that promise to build a stronger European economy and better-integrated financial systems that benefit the people of Wales and the whole European Union.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, during my five years of work in the Commission I have had a number of opportunities to meet with rapporteurs, and the quality of their reports therefore comes as no surprise to me.
The Treaty of Lisbon opens up more opportunities for us.
Whilst I am very pleased about the party-wide anxiety about Turkey's democratisation, I have no sympathy at all with MEPs who are critical of Turkey but who are not prepared to allow it to become a full member if these problems are solved.
I totally agree with linking the debate on territorial cohesion to the debate on the future of the EU's cohesion policy, given that the reform of the latter must incorporate the conclusions of the former.
If someone does not like a particular element in a national constitution, this has nothing to do with this House, because this is a matter of national identity and jurisdiction.
Unless Europe takes a firm stand over the unsustainable extraction of tar sands and oil shales, then we are merely engaging in political theatre, which shows we are interested in the issue, while in reality we have neither the will nor the power to change the situation.
The government has also formed a committee to review all discriminatory laws, including the blasphemy law.
I have an additional question.
I have no doubts because a person who refused to sign what had been adopted by the Chambers that elected him, a person who refused to sign the Treaty, would be like the Queen of England refusing to sign a law from Westminster.
In this regard, however, I would warn against turning a blind eye if in Turkey, which is in the same area as Syria, human rights are not respected in the way they should be.
You have given these three countries an opportunity. However, at the same time, I believe that Europe is also a Europe of regulations which, as European citizens, every one of us must abide by.
Europe is assuming its responsibilities, but it cannot do this for the planet by itself.
As a consequence of this ruling, all ship recycling yards will be closed within two weeks as they have not been authorised by the Ministry of the Environment.
Ensuring access to the single market and improving the implementation of the Small Business Act must be priorities at both national and EU level.
The US has made the implementation of the update conditional upon implementation on 1 January.
Firstly, do all banks have to be stress-tested?
According to reports in the Dutch press, President Barroso declared a sum of EUR 730 000 for 2009.
As far as Sweden is concerned, this will mean a significant increase in the membership fees by an additional SEK 1.4 billion.
I can assure you that Greeks are neither nationalists nor expansionists.
I suggest that we take a five-minute break in order for the High Representative and everybody else who has been in the Chamber, and will continue in the Chamber, to catch their breath, and that we resume at 17.35: five minutes from now.
The objective of the two FLEGT VPAs with the Republic of Congo and Cameroon is to provide a legislative framework which aims to: (i) detect and ensure the traceability of timber, (ii) put in place independent verification procedures to certify all timber exports from the partner country to the European market, in order to provide a basis for the legal management and exploitation of the Congolese and Cameroonian forests, and (iii) reinforce the application of forestry regulations and governance.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this report because the European Audiovisual Observatory is the only pan-European public service organisation dedicated to gathering and distributing information on the European audiovisual industry.
The same unanimity was not heard when, many years ago, some people occupying these seats - including myself - denounced the dangers that mass illegal immigration would give rise to, among them, a substantial boost for the criminal organisations that utilise this labour and the risks of human trafficking and even organ trafficking.
For their part, governments must draw up programmes for developing innovation.
However, could the transposition of Directive 2004/23/EC not define quality and safety standards for the donation, testing, preservation and distribution of the selfsame cells?
President of the Commission. - Just today, in the work programme, we have presented our action in the financial sector.
I would like to thank everyone who has contributed to this result, including the Belgian Presidency, which has perhaps not received enough recognition for its contribution.
I hope that we can implement the Treaty of Lisbon in the way in which it was intended in order to bring about more democracy, more parliamentary control and more efficient foreign policy.
Another failing is that the EU has not drawn up common standards.
(DE) Mr President, when it comes to statistics, there is always a lot of debate and disagreement.
For this reason all European employers and hired workers must know and recognise this European Social Model procedure.
(PT) Mr President, more than all the demonstrations of solidarity in the face of this scourge of forest fires which ravage our southern countries, including Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal, every year, we urgently need to adopt the necessary measures to reverse this situation, since it is destroying our remaining forests, properties, livestock, biodiversity and, worse still, a number of human lives.
The Gräßle-Rivellini report increases budgetary and financial responsibility, improves transparency and promotes the EEAS's effectiveness.
My point is the following: in a few weeks, you will meet Mr Obama, the new President of the United States.
Mr President, Commissioner Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by thanking Mrs Angelilli and everyone else for their very constructive cooperation.
We have enough meat from conventional livestock breeding and it would be irresponsible to produce cloned meat.
I am aware that any deficiency or malfunction in the system carries serious risks for the internal security of the Union and jeopardises the Schengen area itself as an area of freedom, yet also security.
Firstly, let me mention the status of the EEAS.
I think we will have to work in that direction.
Mr President, as others have said before me, it is obviously true that, to date, Belgian political engineers have been better outside their borders than at home.
The President and major NGOs are on the spot.
A properly functioning procurement market is of essential importance in order to foster the Single Market, and to stimulate innovation and investment.
Patients and anyone interested should be able to find accurate, unbiased information about having a healthy lifestyle, the prevention of illness and specific diseases and on the various treatment options.
(ES) Mr Barroso, you are regarded as a champion of environmental protection, and I congratulate you for it.
If we want drivers to comply with rest periods, then we must provide them with the necessary infrastructure.
You may want to take note of this before your hearing, Mr Barnier, but there is one intern running the organisation in one large Member State.
This has already been discussed today in plenary.
The measure of a good Presidency is not conventional speeches or great words, or common places.
We all know that what we have here is unfinished business.
We participated in the debate, but we will not participate in the vote, as it concerns a false state of urgency, as we have already explained.
This means that the ideas and feelings that people want to repress end up seeping into the consciousness of the whole of society, like water.
(NL) I shall leave the whole discussion on the kitchen for Mrs Stassen ...
Wages went up much higher than did competitiveness and this is, of course, in the first instance, also a matter of national policies.
I also think it is important to point out that the IMF is in need of extensive reform, something that Mrs Berès also makes clear in her report.
More data could be gleaned from other areas.
Secondly, is the Agency for Fundamental Rights in Vienna also responsible for this and how do they arrange their contacts with civil society?
Along with numerous dissidents, dozens of journalists and bloggers who dared to exercise their basic freedom to express their own conscience are also suffering ill treatment in Iranian prisons.
In other words, the European Union tends to forget about this easy prize.
The interventions also extend to council housing, but only in relation to areas that complement the project and to the energy renovation and improvement of buildings.
Unfortunately, the incidents that set the process in motion made it clear.
The European Central Bank has also taken extraordinary measures to tackle the attacks we have recently seen on the euro.
Mr President, despite the intentions of the Goldstone report, this biased investigation leads to justification on two counts: that of Israel's military operation against Hamas and that of Israel as a democratic state governed by the rule of law.
The performance and sustainability of the European aviation system - Aerodromes, air traffic management and air navigation services (debate)
Thank you.
We do not need less Europe.
The report will help us to focus this work.
We have now more or less resolved these problems.
(EL) Mr President, we supported the accession prospects of Turkey, in the hope that it would contribute primarily to comprehensive democratic reform.
So now, with winter approaching, local authorities are at risk of being unable to pay for thermal energy, and the government will have problems paying salaries and pensions.
Poverty includes economic, social, cultural and educational aspects, which means that qualitative targets are needed more for achieving the proposed objective rather than quantitative ones.
The total volume of payments to the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund represents EUR 53 million in 2009, i.e. 0.5% of the allocated budgetary resources of the European Social Fund.
From now on, we will be helping to shape policies upfront rather than assessing and trying to correct them afterwards.
Mr President, it is incredibly hard for a rapporteur to do a good job when the largest group is conducting a kind of flip-flop policy.
As we all know, four EU Member States still have not opened their labour markets to workers from the countries which acceded in 2004.
The EU's demands to release political prisoners and end the violence against citizens have been totally ignored by the Lukashenko administration.
Everywhere you hear people saying, 'it is because of Europe that things are not working, it is because of the euro, and here is the solution, we must get out of Europe, we must put an end to the euro...'
This is precisely why we need to upgrade our relationship and our own instruments and tools.
There is a probability that Malta has fossil-fuel reserves beneath its seabed.
It is also true to say that, with regard to promoting broadband in rural areas, it should be entitled to make a real contribution to ensuring that the digital segregation of society is overcome and that more people have the opportunity to take part in it and to strengthen internal cohesion in the European Union.
The EU budget needs to be based on another vision in order to address the economic and social crisis, rejecting the neoliberal path, so-called economic governance and the strengthening of militarism.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law
In August 2007, the US passed the implementing recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act and a section of this covers the modernisation of the visa waiver programme.
The new regulation, in place of the old 1993 directive, means obvious progress in realisation of the idea of animal protection, and therefore as rapporteur I endorse the regulation.
Where is the protection for the rights of citizens of Europe if - as Mrs Meissner has already stressed - entire States such as Cyprus, Luxembourg and Malta are excluded from this protection?
As such, I am voting to conclude the Agreement on the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Prespa Park Area, since I believe it is important for the development of the three countries that share it: Greece, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania.
Mr President, Commissioner, I should like to start by noting that rail freight's share of the market first decreased, from approximately 13% in 1995 to 10.5% in 2002, and then stabilised, whereas in the case of passenger transport, where liberalisation has also been unsuccessful or has not been implemented, we have actually seen an increase over recent years.
I think that it is very important that we speak about human rights issues and bring them to the foreground.
The repercussions of the economic and financial crisis are well known, including on the postal market.
Despite the fact that negotiations are becoming more complex as they advance, the Czech Presidency is committed to making progress on those chapters where progress is really possible.
My thanks to those who work with me more intensively on some of the specific dossiers in which we are engaged.
Or let us put that the other way around: pluralism guarantees competitiveness.
Despite this progress, the fight against terrorism has always been based on trust and mutual cooperation between the Member States.
Even there, I quote: 'Depending on the outcome of the consultation, the Commission may adopt a legislative proposal on reconciliation, including on paternity and filial leave, in 2012.'
Mr President, tonight the hope generated by the Czech ratification of the Lisbon Treaty is being overshadowed by the quasi-conspiratorial atmosphere of this meeting.
(CS) Although I fully support this proposal, because it greatly increases the transparency of rates and the calculation of security charges for all European consumers who use air transport, I am amazed that there is not more harmonisation in this important area.
(The President cut off the speaker)
We are going into the second reading with an accelerated rapprochement on this, as on all the financing instruments.
In addition to this, the production capacity of these countries was to be expanded, and measures were to be taken in order to facilitate private enterprise and investment.
in writing. - UKIP believes that the best reaction to a humanitarian disaster is for independent nation states to coordinate their aid efforts voluntarily, and not to have them set centrally by the undemocratic EU.
In April 2009, the Chinese Government issued a national human rights plan, a lengthy document which appears to be nothing but a piece of paper.
Those are issues that are now ahead of us and are a way of improving the strength of the European Union in a new world, where we need to be strong and to lead as regards ideas and values.
A steak must be a steak and a ham must be a ham.
This legislation is admittedly technical, which complicates the application process.
Baroness Ashton, as Vice-President/High Representative, you have recently come under pressure for its lacklustre performance.
(BG) Madam President, Commissioner, there have been numerous initiatives over the years on the development of cooperation along Europe's largest river in the areas of transport, ecology, culture, education and trade, to name but a few.
When we look at the United Nations and at climate policy, we all know that we need to change the way we generate energy.
It also means that we must come to a swift agreement on the euro area bail-out fund and that this fund only makes sense if it is backed up by strict enforcement of the fiscal discipline rules.
In my opinion, we need to do three things in the European Union following Copenhagen.
There has also been some movement with regard to dealing with war crimes.
Finally, regarding our bilateral summits, the European Council discussed our priorities and strategies for the forthcoming summits, namely those with the United States, Russia, Ukraine, India and Africa.
There is also fraud in connection with CO2 quotas, as well as other types of fraud.
Let us remember that it is our duty to protect what our fellow citizens, who voted for us, produce and eat.
It is also important ...
Why did we get into such a disastrous economic crisis?
The Party for Freedom warns of the consequences of Islamification.
I would certainly not vote for an agreement unless this dispute is settled before we reach the final stages of this deal.
It also seems unjust that the words of the Israeli authorities which are quoted in the report are considered unreliable, whereas the position of the Gaza authorities, such as Hamas, do not give rise to any doubt in the members of the mission.
Cooperation on the Black Sea is carried out on four different levels: the member countries, candidates for accession, the countries covered by the European neighbourhood policy and Russia, as a strategic partner.
His idea will, of course, be analysed by the Commission along with the other ideas on the table in relation to energy efficiency in house building or housing renovation.
We just have to hope that all the international pressure will finally lead to free and fair elections in Zimbabwe and to the gradual normalisation of the very difficult situation in this country.
I know that this is not the subject of the report, but I believe that we will have to monitor this issue very closely because our fellow citizens are affected.
Providing EU citizens with an adequate, sustainable pension, now and in the future, is a priority for the European Union.
The Commission and the other institutions involved - the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the European Investment Bank - must speed up the process of putting together a support package for Ukraine in order to identify and implement a sustainable solution with regard to reforming its economy and, primarily, its energy sector.
If this is the case, I would like to know whether you agree with the company having the freedom to revise the distribution and restructuring of Opel according to its own economic and production criteria and maintaining the greatest possible number of jobs.
Equal treatment between self-employed men and women (
What is particularly painful is the fact that in the modern world, even a war which is theoretically just inevitably entails the suffering of innocent and unjustified victims.
It is this that gives rise to the European Banking Authority.
Nonetheless, we have responded to concerns expressed during the consultations, including the consultations that took place here in the Parliament, and a number of safeguards have been introduced with regard to multi-brand dealerships.
Another major difference between the two initiatives is that, whereas the consumer green paper only covers redress for consumers, the redress mechanism suggested in the competition white paper is designed to benefit both consumers and businesses.
Perhaps it is difficult to get them away from their computers.
Nevertheless, I can understand that some people may think they are necessary.
We hope that fate and God will have mercy on these disaster-stricken regions.
In several Member States, Roma women have been subject to coercive sterilisation aiming to reduce their 'high, unhealthy' birth rate.
The pressure on Canada should not be relieved, but, on the contrary, should rather be increased.
Some do it out of altruism but most do it because eco-consciousness is simply good for business.
The young woman involved lost four years of her life to her employer, who received a nine-month sentence.
I was here and heard it with my own ears!
Mr President, I consider the behaviour of our fellow Members completely disrespectful and unacceptable in a Parliament such as ours.
As I have always said, Gaddafi remains the Fidel Castro of Africa, although not even Castro would have resorted to such savage violence as we have seen recently from the Gaddafi regime and his sociopathic sons against civilian protestors.
I first want to say that I share your view, Mr Karas, on the importance of problems which are specifically European - our banking economy in Europe does not resemble those of the other regions of the world in all areas - the necessity, Mr Karas, of an in-depth impact assessment and the need to maintain a level playing field at international level.
in writing. - (DE) In recent years, rural areas have suffered not only from continuous migration to the cities, but also from the infrastructure being dismantled: police stations, food stores, public transport and so on.
The developments in Moldova are important for its people but are also very important for the entire region.
(Applause)
Many more are missing.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in the last few years, and the global financial crisis has played a role too, it has become ever more difficult for small and medium-sized enterprises to obtain loans and to have easy access to credit when it is essential.
My experience in Switzerland was the same as that of my fellow Members in other countries: the elections were conducted fairly, in secret and absolutely in accordance with democratic rules.
I admired him for Dayton, met him once for a fascinating dinner in Brussels and was very much impressed by him.
That is why I voted in favour of this text.
If we are unable to obtain an improvement in this through the amendments that have been tabled, my group will not, unfortunately, be able to bring itself to vote through this report, which is something that I personally regret, although perhaps this will act as a spur to do better at second reading if we do not make enough ground today.
I see there are many supporters here of that - that confirms my speech and the threat to our nation states!
The preliminary draft budget will be based on sound estimates of the needs for achieving our shared priorities and taking up the challenges ahead of us.
As the final text is still being negotiated with the Council, the European Parliament's report proposes to identify issues such as the origin marking of textile products imported to the EU, according to which it would be compulsory for the label to indicate not only the manufacturer of the end product, but the country of origin of the imported textile products used to manufacture it, as is already done in Canada, the US, China and Japan.
I am, however, underwhelmed by the proposals concerning Articles 65 to 84.
We do have to fund investments, but even now as we embark on this path, there is a question which I want to put to the European Commission in particular, which is this: How do we ensure that this instrument will include all those who, in the course of time, will want to be part of the euro area, and not just its current members?
Is it not paradoxical that we give most of the money in agriculture to those whose production is expensive?
We should welcome such steps.
Nevertheless, I think there is a determination in Ireland to put things right, and I think the vast majority of people would welcome the support of our European friends and colleagues.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his report and particularly for his positive attitude on consent to the interim Economic Partnership Agreement with the Pacific states of Papua New Guinea and Fiji.
Finally, there are some critics who believe that we should not follow the bilateral path in the negotiations and enter into bilateral agreements.
The explanatory memorandum to the language law amendment states that protection of the national language in certain cases overrides the freedom of speech and right to privacy.
There are now five million young people under the age of 25 who cannot find a job.
Mr President, not so long ago, this Parliament adopted a resolution which spoke about the new possibilities for developing transatlantic relations after the election of President Obama in the United States.
I would like to add, in no uncertain terms: in the case of extradition, I have no doubts that Italian justice delivers the high standards expected of European Union Member States.
I therefore support the decision to conduct stress tests of nuclear power stations on EU territory.
There are countries where the subsidy is over EUR 500 per hectare post 2013, and there are countries - mainly the new Member States - where it is less than even EUR 100.
Congratulations once again, Mr Coelho, and congratulations to Romania and Bulgaria.
At the same time as the EU undertakes major efforts to strengthen its capabilities in relation to the participation of women, peace and security, we believe that it is also important to take steps to raise awareness within other organisations and countries.
This is a dilemma that we, as politicians, are facing, and that we must make a decision about.
It is not rocket science.
The ambitious plan of forging new and closer political, social and cultural links between the northern and southern shores of the Mediterranean must remain one of the priority goals of the European Union in order to achieve the desired and strategic implementation of a free trade area.
I hope we will succeed in explaining and preventing the decline in bee colonies, so that we can continue to profit from the important, multi-faceted role of bees.
What shall we do when the passenger data which we transfer to the USA, and I am in favour of this, are used for unauthorised purposes?
The Treaty of Lisbon has brought foreign direct investment (FDI) under exclusive EU competence. This represents a two-pronged challenge: firstly, with regard to managing the Member States' current bilateral investment treaties (BITs) and, secondly, defining a European investment policy that meets the expectations of investors, the beneficiary states, and the interests of the EU.
The EU ministerial troika visited the region on 4-6 January for meetings in Egypt, in Israel, with the Palestinian authority, and in Jordan.
We might have agreed to vote in favour of this stability and growth package unchanged had it been accompanied by an ambitious fiscal package, combining a financial transaction tax, an energy tax, a fair tax on transnational corporations and, of course, measures to combat tax fraud, so that we could help the Union's Member States fund the goals they hope to achieve.
This will have a huge impact on British agriculture and structural fund programmes in this current cycle.
Secondly, the legislation governing the Internet must utilise and not restrict the opportunities offered by information technologies.
Last but not least, I support those who have called today for the rules governing every kind of fund to be simplified, both at European and Member State level. I also support fellow Members who have stated that GDP must remain the main criterion for determining eligibility for assistance.
I was taking a different angle.
This item is closed.
In 2001, the Commission recommended that Member States publish detailed information on road types within the network and on restricted traffic zones.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
Madam President, speaking in the debate on Parliament's estimates of revenue and expenditure for 2010 on behalf of the Union for Europe of the Nations Group I should like to draw attention to three matters.
For this reason, I think we should take one step at a time.
The Commission's communication on a European economic recovery plan also enabled the programming of EUR 360 million in broadband measures for rural areas through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.
I would like to commend the fact that the European Parliament engages in discussion with the Commission and the Council on the very important issue of Kosovo's future.
I first wish to thank Mr Obiols i Germà for the quality of his work.
The context is made more complicated by the unresolved inefficiencies in recovering losses.
Transfers of appropriations: see Minutes
We should also keep in mind to build a more balanced world economy and to avoid past mistakes.
(NL) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, of course red tape must be cut, of course Europe must play its part, and of course this applies, in particular, to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which suffer the most as a result.
5.
It is time for the EU to take its head out of the sand, stop obsessing about climate change, and study and address the real crisis: peak oil.
(PL) Mr President, all children have the right to the love of both their parents.
However, the costs associated with adapting the CAP and reducing climate change are not yet clear.
In my opinion, we should also emphasise the fact that expansion itself must be understood as one of the possible solutions for restoring economic growth in the European Union and we should not lose sight of that.
If and when realised in full, the result of all this work will be what we need: a system that provides incentives for Member States to conduct sound economic and fiscal policies, and a system that provides incentives for investors to observe responsible lending practices.
The second version of the system is delayed at least until 2011.
On the remaining one, there is a disagreement between Parliament and the Council.
Alarmingly, political resistance to modernisation and Europeanisation has again turned to violence.
Mr Van Rompuy, Mr Barroso, we need a great deal of political impetus: 'business as usual' can no longer be a tool.
Then, I hear what Mr Daul has to say.
That is no easy matter and I am not sure we have achieved it yet.
We are encouraged that both parties have agreed on a number of principles, particularly to work for two viable states with 'soft' borders, and to build constructive relations.
Contriving to exclude euro area members amounts to abandoning the ambition of a strong Europe in the world.
Mr President, this reminds me of a phrase in Latin that goes quis custodiet custodes, who will guard the guards?
Mr President, Mr Šefčovič, I was very pleased to learn that the Commission plans to approve this draft regulation next week, on 31 March no less.
Should it be the Chair of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs or should it be a vice-president of Parliament, as is presently the situation?
This time, I think we have been too mild in our assessment of relations with Russia.
Member of the Commission. - The Commission is fully aware of the difficulties faced by consumers who are denied access to web sites or are discriminated against on a geographical basis when seeking to make on-line purchases.
I do not understand how, in this House, one can stoop so low as to say such things, and I demand an apology, Mr President.
In relation to the corrective part of the Stability and Growth Pact, for example, this economic governance package has brought us a more intelligent application of the pact, through the attention it devotes to the debt criterion; the introduction of an average rate for debt reduction, to be carried out over three years, allowing for flexibility in fulfilling the rules; a more detailed and appropriate list of relevant factors that the Commission should take into account in its assessment of the financial situation of the countries involved; and the introduction of a three-year transition period for implementation of the debt criterion.
The EU gave them the eagerly awaited opportunity to end this situation by opening a border crossing.
I hope that we can reach an agreement and have a positive vote tomorrow.
Its work, which has just come to an end, can serve as a model for the countries which will lead the work of the European Council in future.
2006 discharge: European Aviation Safety Agency (
His mother, Mrs Katarína Azab, has been in Egypt for two and a half years looking for her son with the help of the Slovak embassy.
(HU) Mr President, it is difficult to move forward from the stalemate in relations between the European Union and Belarus.
Mr President, in 10 years in this Chamber I have listened to an awful lot of humbug, but I do not think I have ever heard such unadulterated piffle as I heard in the debate on this report yesterday from Paleo-federalists such as Mr Brok and Mr Corbett, canting about the sovereignty of national parliaments as though they cared about it.
Under current EU legislation, it is a punishable offence for employers to exploit victims of human trafficking.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, we learnt with great sadness that former President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua died last night.
If these results are handled like everything else, including the Stability and Growth Pact, and if the Member States do not adhere to them, then they are not worth the paper they are printed on.
We must wait to see how Greece will react to becoming an economic protectorate of the European Union and whether it will bring civil unrest.
Worse still, if a Member State wants to bring in a toll system that reflects the external costs of CO2, they will not be allowed to do so unless we now include CO2 within the Eurovignette.
I am not aware of any farmer who wants to use pesticides, but they are an essential part of ensuring food for our population at an affordable price.
(EL) May I extend a welcome to the High Representative for Foreign Affairs.
I would like to stress that the procedure of granting the Council discharge also shows the way in which Parliament finds out about new areas of the Council's work, and that Parliament does not want to be excluded from monitoring and supervising the Council's spending in any area of its activity.
Lastly, I think something needs to be said about what has happened and what is happening in many countries in North Africa, simply to show that we reject medium-term approaches that are incapable of properly dealing with unexpected events or new policies.
Since indigenous energy sources in the Union are rare, I believe that support for the coal mining industry is justified under the Union's policy to encourage renewable and lower carbon fossil fuels for power generation.
(PT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in this important debate on territorial cohesion and the future of economic and social cohesion policy, I have to mention the very specific problem faced by the outermost regions.
In other words, in 2010, there was practically no talk of H1N1 influenza.
These rules are very stable indeed and they are well known, because it is on the basis of these rules of origin that customs duties are paid when products come into the European market.
Prominent persons in Moldovan society are asking for an explanation.
Many of Parliament's suggestions correspond with the actions proposed in the Bruges Communiqué.
The European Union Delegation in Reykjavík is fully operational and actively involved in communication activities, and an EU info centre is planned.
We welcome some positive developments, namely the good political announcement made by the new Prime Minister of Japan - I have personally congratulated him - but so far, it is a political announcement.
Mr President, why should a patient have to lose their sight while waiting for a cataract operation in the UK, for instance, when it could be done quite easily in another Member State?
As I see it, however, a more important point is that the Council and Parliament are now strong, mature institutions and, as such, should be able to monitor each other in a mature way even without a gentlemen's agreement.
If the UN can manage with six languages for 200 or so member states, I'm sure the EU can cut back too.
For Ireland, exporting into the UK with an exchange rate that makes life even more difficult is, of course, a huge disadvantage, specifically for Irish farmers.
However, the direction formulated in this report is, to put it simply, a dead end.
With regard to the current investment at Roşia Montană, the plans involve an exponentially larger gold mine.
Structural policies and EU cohesion (vote)
in writing. - I voted for this resolution, which approves the appointment of Carlos Montalvo as Executive Director of the European Supervisory Authority (European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority).
Finally, I hope that national MPs will also be closely involved from the beginning in new formal structures for scrutinising the EEAS.
As Mrs Stauner requested it in her report, this should allow you to take it into account in the discharge resolution.
One-sided information, the leader-defender, violations of human rights, lack of freedom: this all adds up to totalitarianism.
I would also say that, while citizens are aware of the role of bees in producing honey, not everybody knows of the crucial role of bees in pollination and their contribution to EU agriculture and, ultimately, food production.
This area has been mentioned in the framework programme.
I find it unacceptable that one of its main bodies, the Council, should continue to maintain a stance that is totally insular and lacking in transparency.
(SV) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we all know that the European energy market has problems.
I would like to know how the Commission or anyone else will assess the validity of applications for exceptions and how they will monitor compliance with the restrictions.
We cannot agree to this.
The African Union is well placed on this issue to coordinate African positions in the international arena.
As long as Israel continues to occupy the West Bank, as long as Israel fails to offer a positive solution to the Palestinians of the West Bank, more and more Palestinians will turn to Hamas.
The Council will of course carefully consider all of the European Parliament's amendment proposals and based on this it will assess whether or not to incorporate them into the final version of the draft proposal.
As it was, we were just in time to prevent a mass murder in Benghazi.
As far as the EU is concerned, we want this to happen within months of the Copenhagen conference.
We must acknowledge communism and Nazism as a common inheritance and hold a specialist debate on all of the crimes committed by totalitarian regimes in the last century.
Questions Nos 47 and 48 will receive answers in writing.
First, I would like to welcome the new Secretary-General of the European Parliament, Klaus Welle, who is sitting on my left, and to wish him all the best in his endeavours.
in writing. - I support measures towards a greening of transport.
It is totally unacceptable for some Member States to be identified as 'more affected by the crisis' and for them to be exempted from the rules for these reasons.
I think the proposal the Commission has put forward is sound and should be adopted and that it is in the interests of business.
In 35 years, that is more law than England has made since King Richard III in 1485.
Mr President, I wish to thank Mrs Podimata for her constructive cooperation.
This is a legitimate objective; however, I have certain reservations as to whether we shall be able to achieve this objective.
I have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 110(2).
The Libyan situation also confirms the inadequacy of Europe's military capability, which is well below the overall high level of national defence budgets.
There also needs to be a definite commitment to innovation, especially, as other Members have mentioned, to hybrid technologies, so that motoring does not depend solely on fossil fuels.
In general, EMEA is considered a well organised and functioning agency.
The international community must use this opportunity to eliminate the root cause of poverty in Haiti once and for all.
1.
It also emphasises the absolute necessity of promoting and encouraging women's access to all the artistic professions in which they are in the minority.
It will have a very important influence on the Union's ability to deliver its policies in the interests of its citizens.
For five years I have been working closely with Catherine Guy-Quint.
Combating this phenomenon therefore requires political and social mobilisation.
With regard to the activities of the EU, this adhesion also guarantees the public protection similar to that which they already enjoy in their relations with all Member States.
in writing. - (DE) I have voted in favour of the report, because it makes a significant contribution to reducing bureaucracy, which is something that is constantly being called for, and allows more than 20 directives that are obsolete or no longer needed to be repealed.
There will no longer be old and new, small and large European nations.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Your actions do not match up to 21st century leadership.
It is also important for the Member States to become engaged in the assessment and monitoring of Single Market rules.
As concerns the cofinancing of waste management measures in Campania, in the 1994-1999 programming period, EUR 88.1 million were devoted to waste management projects, almost 49% cofinanced by the ERDF.
That said, we still have a long way to go before road freight transport bears a reasonable proportion of the costs it represents for our societies: wear and tear of infrastructure, pollution, public health and accidents.
This is the second time that an attempt has been made to establish minimum rules for the European Union, and it has now been 40 years that I have been campaigning in my professional life for equality between men and women, the integration of young women via training programmes, and their integration into society via their integration into the labour market.
Secondly, we need to change our development policy to ensure that globally - and Europe is a global player - we once again invest in agriculture, because we need agriculture to feed the world.
In conclusion, I would like to express the hope that here in the European Parliament, to which the Treaty of Lisbon has granted greater authority in this very area, and led by the rapporteur, Mrs Muscardini, we will find common solutions which will help our citizens to make better and, most importantly, freer choices.
I therefore support European aid for a sector that is vital to the relaunch of the Irish and European economy.
Hopefully, nobody here would argue otherwise.
Honourable Members who have visited the area will know it is a huge expanse of sea, where there is plenty of room for complementary activity and very little risk of duplication, and indeed the services work very well together.
I have great hopes that this service can lead to greater coherence between our policy objectives and decisions, particularly as they impact globally on sustainable development, on human rights, and on the eradication of poverty.
We wanted to clarify the basic concepts and the use of the CE mark, simplify the procedures in order to reduce costs for businesses, especially for small and medium-sized enterprises, and to raise the credibility of the entire system.
(EL) Madam President, I have listened twice to Mr Barroso, once in plenary and once at a conference with the European United Left, and I have read his planning positions.
I believe that it is our moral obligation, and I am glad that this resolution has been passed today.
However, it is also important that everyone is involved, particularly China, India and Brazil, in view of their significant economic role and intense industrial activity.
The Iranian supreme leader, in an official announcement at the end of February, asked the visiting Iraqi President to implement the mutual agreement to close down Camp Ashraf and expel all its residents from Iraq.
Pension systems come under Member States' remit, with different rules about the retirement age and the money spent on social security.
The meeting of the World Summit on Food Security did not take the direction desired by the organisers.
In order to achieve these objectives it is imperative for the Social Fund, as part of the Structural Funds, to count on adequate resources and that administrative and procedural burdens are relaxed as much as possible and reduced to a minimum.
This is the way we are, and I think it is a democratic way of handling the diversity of the European Union.
When all is said and done, this is an area that relates to health services and medical care and that should fall mostly within the competence of the Member States.
Firstly, I strongly believe we need a broad and coherent strategy on Roma inclusion and we also need an action plan with clear benchmarks and appropriate budgeting.
There are so many territories like this in the European Union which belonged to several different countries during the last century.
Take the issue of the plant protection products.
I especially welcome the proposals which seek to ensure that all primary and secondary schools have high speed connections by 2015 and that all adults of working age should be offered ICT training opportunities.
This is not a question of instruments for the communitarisation of debts, as would be the case with Eurobonds.
I was told that to date no one from the Commission had been in touch; this does indeed make it difficult for the Commission to obtain information.
Madam President, as the economic crisis deepens, major issues leading to industrial action are emerging in the United Kingdom, flowing from the compulsion for unrestricted free movement of labour within the EU and the procurement requirements in regard to major public contracts, whereby contracts won by foreign companies are resulting in a significant influx of foreign workers, putting local workers and local unemployed at a disadvantage and depriving them of opportunities.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (EL) Madam President, today we are deciding Parliament's budget for 2010 at a particularly crucial period in time which is defined, firstly, by what we all hope will be the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon; secondly, by the major economic crisis which has hit the European economy and, thirdly, by the new regulations for parliamentarians and parliamentary assistants.
My hope is that this Parliament will act responsibly and approve the change proposed by Council.
A good example could be the ongoing Parliament initiative on carers.
The EU's commitments, voiced by Commissioner Barrot, provide us with the guarantee that from March, we will have an excellent legal framework.
Following statements by China, India, Iraq, Pakistan, Turkey and Vietnam, among others, Parliament today condemned the harassment of Christians in Egypt and Malaysia.
We are able to offer you that.
This is what we are trying to achieve with the codification of this directive.
This is ironical, because the state would definitely benefit from an active and diverse civil society.
4.
I really think that not only this Parliament but also the presidency should raise its voice in the name of the citizens who are suffering.
1.
We took the opportunity to respond to many different questions and we have devoted considerable efforts to a range of topics.
- (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, as we all know, gambling has traditionally been strictly regulated in most countries of the EU.
Madam President, I will be brief.
Those who reject in principle the European Arrest Warrant are the apologists for mafia criminals and absconding robbers, rapists and terrorists.
I shall vote against this report, which blindly promotes the neoliberal logic that is responsible for the economic, social and environmental crisis, the consequences of which we are all suffering.
The current situation in Yemen and the terrible suffering to which its people are being subjected should be analysed in the light of this situation.
I would stress that European policy on the protection of animals has to be accompanied by a consistent trade policy.
Allow me to conclude by recalling that my task is to promote good administration in EU institutions and bodies.
Already in 2008, the Commission proposed a revised Dublin regulation to address the identified gaps.
Today, the single currency is seen, by many citizens in the euro area, as one of the most positive results of European integration.
According to one UN report, Europe, including European Russia, is scheduled to lose 100 million people over the next 40 years.
The paragraph reiterating 'the need to adopt a domestic greenhouse gas emissions reduction target for the European Union of 30% by 2020 as compared with the 1990 level, in the interests of the future economic growth of the European Union' was maintained (PPE Amendment 20 rejected by RCV: 298/316/xx).
I will now make a brief digression to welcome the responsibility shown by Parliament in agreeing as far as possible on the Council's position in order not to delay the procedure any further.
I look forward already to the negotiations with Montenegro!
I consider Mr Saakashvili to be a war criminal.
The changes proposed by the rapporteur are primarily the introduction of new provisions concerning fund mergers (so that they will be treated as domestic mergers and will retain tax-neutrality), the introduction of a document which provides key investor information (replacing the simplified prospectus) and simplification of the existing notification procedure by using direct regulator-to-regulator information exchange.
A lot done, but an awful lot more to do - so keep up the good work.
We therefore need to pay some attention to this area, including when it comes to education and training.
The next item is the report by Mrs Gottardi, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on public finances in EMU 2007-2008.
Member States are responsible for ensuring that eggs not produced in compliance with the directive on the protection of laying hens are not legally marketable according to EU legislation.
I will try to choose the best question!
When we see the level of interdependence in the euro area and the European Union as a whole, a country should be able to take decisions knowing what its neighbours intend to do.
We know that there is an ongoing investigation to determine whether the Sri Lankan authorities are doing their part to incorporate human rights legislation into national legislation.
In today's votes on the 39 discharges in respect of the implementation of the budgets of the individual institutions for 2009, we postponed the decision to grant discharge to the Council of the European Union by 637 votes in favour, 4 against and 13 abstentions.
The euro's stability is of paramount importance to the trust of our trade partners.
This is not true; they are fooling themselves.
For citizens, the Lisbon Treaty will mean real progress when all EU bodies will apply a common set of rules on access to documents.
It will bring cultural diversity to European markets by getting more quality films from smaller markets outside Europe into Europe, and it will give a chance to European films on the international market.
Opening of the sitting
Mr President, like many mothers, I want decent animal welfare standards but I also want affordable eggs.
Anyone who submits unsound figures cannot point accusing fingers at anybody else.
I applauded the fact that the Commission, in October 2009, adopted a report in which it called on Canada to open a visa office in Prague and to establish a timetable for lifting the visa requirement.
I shall take the liberty of saying that I am amazed by such statements, because we have actually known for a long time that these were not exactly democratic regimes and that, instead, they were authoritarian or very authoritarian regimes which kept their peoples under their thumb.
The Stockholm Programme is an essential next step in the development of the European area of freedom, security and justice towards a greater focus on individuals.
I voted in favour of this document because the ultimate objective is to maintain antimicrobials as an effective tool to combat disease, both in animals and in humans, while only using antimicrobials when absolutely necessary.
The alternative is that dramatic.
Extreme terrorism, unchecked and often fundamentalist, causes the world to fear and to try to prevent groups and governments with unscrupulous leaders from acquiring this technology.
The Russian law on NGOs endangers the independent operation of these organisations.
I welcome the fact that the Commission has proposed a regulation updating EU asylum law since, given current circumstances, this is urgently needed.
I voted for it as well.
This is not opposing one religion against another.
I would like to express the hope that all these measures will help to ensure that the best use is made of the financial means available in the programme.
There is no prospect of the aircraft taking you home from Brussels to your home countries - to Madrid, Lisbon, Sofia, Riga or Munich - managing without oil in the next 20 to 30 years.
Confidence-building is sorely required.
We are coming with less than half.
We are faced with a major challenge that requires a clear head.
I should point out the need for a European policy for treating and storing nuclear waste, as well as for decommissioning power plants.
The last thing I would say is that, in the case between Maritime Support Services (MSS) and the Belgian authorities, the final findings were that the Belgian authorities were at fault.
Some people claim that these agreements go too far and are too comprehensive.
Council and Commission statements on preparations for the European Council meeting (28-29 October),
Member of the Commission. - Well, there is a Treaty and the Treaty is very clear.
There should be symmetric financing, as there is a false dilemma in opposing both, and it should be smart financing.
Vice-President of the Commission. - President, honourable Members, let me first thank the Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs Sharon Bowles, rapporteurs Corien Wortmann-Kool, Elisa Ferreira, Vicky Ford, Sylvie Goulard, Diogo Feio and Carl Haglund, as well as the shadow rapporteurs who all played a major part in the negotiations.
This means combating desertification and land degradation and enhancing agricultural productivity, halting over-exploitation of biodiversity, forests and other natural resources including oceans and inland waters; and, finally, ensuring that climate change remains within certain limits and assisting African populations to adapt to climate change.
It is also necessary to improve energy efficiency, especially in the new Member States.
We believe that in relation to GSP+, beneficiaries must be subjected to consistent and fairer benchmarking to make sure that their application of environmental, social and human standards remains at a high level and consistent.
Probably during the next 10 years, the US and EU will have a chance to set an international agenda providing for a value-based and stable world, but only on condition that they act together.
If the initiators of an ECI are disorganised at the beginning of the process, they have a network and have many language versions of their initiative.
In reply to a question from the delegation for Central America, he answered that it was necessary to send them, because the Óscar Arias Foundation itself was going to send observers to Honduras.
Several have asked about the 30%.
Madam President, I shall, of course, be at Parliament's disposal at any time - not only today but also in the next few weeks - to continue the debate on PNR data and on the mandates.
The perpetrators of these acts must be severely punished. In the case of large-scale offences, the International Criminal Court must play an important role and establish a close correlation with the decisions made by national courts.
Madam President, at the moment, our airspace is at a standstill - we know this; it has already been mentioned.
In whichever Member State applicants lodge an asylum request, they must enjoy the same high level of protection across the whole Union.
I would also like to mention that operational cooperation with third countries is an important element of the work carried on by Frontex.
I will make a couple of comments on other topics at the end of the debate.
The new directive guarantees the mutual recognition of prescriptions and easier access to information on treatment abroad, as well as increasing the scope of treatment for individuals suffering from rare diseases and providing more opportunity for disabled people to obtain higher rates of reimbursement of the costs of medical care.
Ladies and gentlemen, I want to say what I think: this agreement would not have been possible without the contribution of Parliament, which has significantly improved the proposals that we are debating.
This should reduce fragmentation of the internal market and create wider availability of pesticides for farmers.
That is as much as I can tell you at this stage.
It is necessary to reassess the locations of existing nuclear plants, particularly according to the risk of earthquakes and the risk that a tsunami will occur.
(DE) Madam President, if we have learned one thing from the oil crisis, it is that in times of high oil prices, it becomes profitable to develop poorly accessible oilfields and to extract under the most adverse conditions, such as from deeper and deeper depths.
Instead, I am in favour of an investigation by the Commission into how to deal with this highly important issue in technical terms, so as to affirm and establish Europe's added value.
According to the results we will see on the board - they are not visible yet - the Council's nominee, José Manuel Barroso, has been elected President of the European Commission.
At the same time, I would like to emphasise that Poland is Canada's largest trading partner among the Central and Eastern European countries and, for a dozen or so years, has maintained a bilateral trade surplus which has grown year on year.
We have not put down agricultural offers at this moment in time and there was a question - I do not know by whom - about the position of the Agriculture Commissioner in this respect.
Indeed, it is essential to foster entrepreneurship programmes for university students.
As a result of climate change, oil and gas and other resources can be extracted increasingly easily.
Neither must we forget the tragedy of civilians in southern Israel, targeted relentlessly by Hamas Jihadi fanatics who hid in their schools or launched their deadly rockets.
I would like to stress that because the framework of the directive we were promised was already deleted from the Commission's proposal, as certain categories of workers, such as seasonal workers, intra-company transfers and refugees were deleted from its contents, the European Parliament could not approve such a directive.
The report I mention also makes reference to the visa liberalisation for the Balkan States, which was also something of an imprudent measure.
Mr President, I voted against the Lyon report because all over Europe governments are cutting their budgets.
Here in this Parliament we cannot so obviously turn our backs on this reality.
The Ukrainians are much closer to Europe civilisation-wise than are the Turks or the Albanians.
All in all, it would seem as if the political elite in Brussels, which is indifferent to Europe's Christian roots, has also forgotten the fate of Christians in Islamic countries.
I am talking about market measures, and other initiatives to prevent the models of intensive production that respect EU environmental standards being penalised by the future aid system, among other detrimental effects.
(NL) Mr President, the euro area is now collapsing, and President Barroso has to oversee this collapse.
These are the biggest deficiencies.
However, in order to make this happen, we need to have cross-border shopping and availability.
It is true, of course, that EPAs are different from the Lomé and Cotonou Conventions that embodied the Union's relations with the ACP for 30 years, but the unilateral preferences that characterise those conventions became open to challenge in the World Trade Organisation by other developing countries.
We would like to see an initiative for a European qualifications framework laying down minimum standards for traineeships.
Policy Coherence for Development means giving greater consideration to the interests of local people in our reform of fisheries policy and not allowing these interests to be subsumed by the interests of European fisheries concerns.
The policy on cultivation of high-protein plants and the production of feed in the EU requires verification.
As long as it is moving, as long as it is pedalling forward, everything is more or less OK, but if it stops, it there is a blockage, if it reaches a stalemate, we fall down, all of us fall down.
In general, resolving trade conflicts between countries by diplomatic means has not always had the desired effect.
This report also encourages the European Commission to devise a strategy for retraining the workers who will be affected by these closures.
The proposal for a recommendation states that it is particularly dangerous for children and young people to be exposed to second-hand smoke and that this could increase the likelihood of their taking up smoking.
Secondly, as we move forward, one of the key aspects for us is going to be to simplify the procedure, put an emphasis on results and added value and try and cut down on red tape and regulation.
Secondly, the compromise stipulates that the disproportionate solutions that were proposed to restrict the rights of Internet users are not legal.
Today is a special day - today, 23 November, is the seventh anniversary of the Rose Revolution, the bloodless watershed which brought change to the situation not only in Georgia but the whole region of the South Caucasus.
11.
First: elections.
in writing. - The proposed anti-grassroots EU budget for 2010 reflects every aspect of its reactionary objectives, proving yet again that the EU is a transnational imperialist union in the service of capital.
I think this is very clear and I am sure that we will honour this agreement.
It is important that this draft gives farmers in the Union the means to protect their crops.
His report is also involved in this joint debate on cohesion policy, which is of the utmost importance not only in terms of the issue at stake, but especially because the timing of the debate is opportune.
The EU wants to increase the public subsidy to organic farming rather than allowing this sector to be consumer-led.
Despite this fact, foodstuffs are still being irradiated and no one has considered the question of possible interaction with genetic engineering.
I believe that we have to tread carefully to take into consideration Russia's sensitivities on the immediate neighbours once we are seeing a new approach between the United States and Russia.
This initiative will enable the sense of belonging to Europe to be strengthened, as well as creating greater cohesion between citizens of different countries.
Today, we are voting on a motion for a resolution that aims to guarantee respect for human rights and acceptable socio-economic conditions for the people of Western Sahara.
Wednesday:
In the end, all the boasts of a 'social market economy' mean nothing more than the commercialisation of all sectors of social life, nature and natural resources.
The minimum size of fish has increased from 10 to 30 kilos, and an 11-month fishing season has become an 11-month closed season.
Is this situation good or bad for the European Union?
Do we do that with the Arab countries with whom I have been talking?
The European Securities and Markets Authority ('ESMA') regulation established the European Supervisory Authority .
We should not build a service which preserves the old national competition or the present bureaucratic structure.
I recall the statement by my colleague, Ms Ferrero-Waldner, at the debate last month that both the Interim Trade Agreement (Article 1) and the PCA (Article 2) contain human rights clauses which constitute an essential element of those agreements.
The committee has finally faced up to its responsibilities and has improved significantly on the Commission's proposal.
They entered the judicial contract and fulfilled all its criteria.
We must also not forget the very important role played by Member States in impact assessment, as they must incorporate the proposed legislation into their legal systems.
At this meeting, new findings were presented concerning the link between the harmful use of alcohol, social development and the spread of infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis, an important link that is worth taking note of.
It sets out a framework for the prohibition of discrimination on these grounds and establishes a uniform minimum level of protection within the European Union for people who have suffered such discrimination.
For this reason, if our amendments are rejected, our delegation - the Northern League delegation - will vote against this resolution.
In Poland, the coefficient of the threat of forest fires is one of the highest in Europe.
We will continue to support the implementation of the recommendations of the 2008 election observation mission.
There are approximately 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the European Union.
The world is finally back to rights.
(PT) Mr President, Commission, ladies and gentlemen, we are all well aware of the political challenges that we are facing: globalisation, combating climate change, the ageing population and energy security, among others.
It is a measure that will ensure greater transparency during the adoption of legislative acts, regulating methods of control by Member States over the exercise of powers conferred on the Commission.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
(NL) Mr President, everyone who has followed this dossier knows that admitting Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen area is an extraordinarily difficult dossier in the Netherlands.
On the contrary, it is part of the solution.
It will also provide clarifications regarding the eligible activities falling under the scope of the register, and the processes by which complaints will be handled.
The implementation of the abortive anti-labour law on the 'liberalisation' of services, known as the Bolkestein Directive, promotes sweeping reactionary changes at the expense of the working and grassroots classes.
One of the most obvious forms of action in the future is the need to reform the EU's budget and ensure that national budgets are more closely in line with common objectives.
The reason the Irish Parliament had a right and a duty to do what they did is that the sovereign people of Ireland gave them that right and duty.
- (CS) I applaud the international agreement which will establish new employment conditions for workers in the fisheries sector.
Composition of committees : see Minutes
However, the Commission's proposal includes the condition of co-financing, which in the case of the poorest Member States may lead to their withdrawal from the programme.
Two accession conferences in particular are planned: at deputy level in the coming weeks, and at ministerial level in June.
The Irish are the authors of their own misfortune: their government mismanaged their economy and fuelled a house-building boom unrelated to reality.
Let us not forget that work there will have to be performed under extremely harsh weather conditions and through the use of new technologies.
We absolutely agree that this is the right approach.
The debate is closed.
Are Italian citizens prevented from voicing their disapproval of any given law?
We all agree, therefore, that the tragedy of the refugees is urgent and important.
Action taken on Parliament's resolutions: see Minutes
The aim of this directive is to complement the shameful 'Return' Directive - which the Socialist Government in Portugal has adopted - by applying sanctions to employers of illegally staying workers and laying down, as a general and automatic rule, the procedure for expelling these workers, with rare exceptions.
I am not going to be able to be with you on the 17th, although I would very much have liked to be there.
38.
So reads the report of Mr Kalfin, my fellow member from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - Mr President, it is frightening to imagine a nuclear device, small in size but potentially lethal for millions of people, falling into the hands of terrorists.
It also promotes engaging with the EU's strategic partners within the UN system and giving the strategic partnerships a multilateral dimension by including global issues on the agendas for the EU's bilateral and multilateral summits, as well as contributing to improving the efficiency and transparency of the UN and enhancing the management of the UN's financial resources.
First of all, the European parties are, as you know, recognised as important entities by the Treaty that was ratified unanimously by our Member States.
In this way, Mauritania loses out: it loses out in terms of wealth creation, of job creation, of its development, of its autonomy, of its sovereignty, and of its independence.
Austerity demands as well as the call to sell off the last of the state-owned silver will not rescue Greece.
Similarly, the report recognises the legitimate interest of the EU to play a role on the new stage and stresses the imperative to take advantage of the opportunities that arise through supporting sustainable development in the area by its inhabitants, particularly the indigenous communities.
Explanations of vote
He very correctly pointed to the quote from Commissioner Rehn, stating that the agreement was struck with Ireland - not with the government but with Ireland as a country.
If a 28th regime procedure is going to be instituted, in keeping with this report, this would facilitate cross-border credit-based transactions.
However, President Ouattara was clearly the winner of the election and he is the person who has democratic legitimacy.
These measures represent the immediate answer to the situation.
Both parties welcomed our mission and expressed their readiness to engage in mutual dialogue.
I am concerned with a number of aspects of the reports we have discussed this morning, especially regarding the intrusion on Member States' subsidiarity in terms of educational targets and social policy.
Thank you very much for your support.
The implementation of this directive is particularly important to me because of these obvious injustices and particularly because, as a family person, I value and respect women greatly.
To conclude, I therefore ask everyone to think about the transposition of the package.
Combating discrimination of all kinds and bringing about participation in public life by the disabled are important jobs.
Much is now contained in this report which will be passed during this Parliament's final plenary sitting.
(FR) Mr President, I am going to follow on from Mrs Flautre's speech and invite you to write to the Tunisian authorities.
The new plan was intended to comply with the provisions of the Treaty and to take into account the reform of the common fisheries policy.
They are being attacked on all sides; there is a huge increase in prices, partly due to speculation.
I hope that the reforms that have been undertaken by some of these countries will be consolidated and the Europe can contribute to this process in a positive way.
Finally, the call for meaningful autonomy for Tibet is the only constructive proposal that the European Parliament can make to avoid a reoccurrence of the ban on the Tibetan elections in Nepal.
The partial nationalisation of the personal contributions into professional pension funds and their transfer to state social security is one example of this.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) repeats that rigour and transparency are paramount, and therefore it supports a long-term buildings policy, the implementation of a zero-based budget at the beginning of each parliamentary term, and a cost/benefit analysis of policies such as Parliament's communications policy.
I would also like to thank Commissioner Kallas, who has done such excellent work in the last five years.
As regards the institutions, let us remember that with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Union may be assured of coherent and structured representation through the new figures of the President of the Council and the European Foreign Minister.
(IT) Mr President, after the adoption of the Council decision establishing the organisation and functioning of the European External Action Service, we are today called on to make that decision operational by amending the Financial Regulation and the Staff Regulations of Union officials.
There have been large-scale cocaine seizures in Croatia, which are mostly linked to sea transport.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the situation is certainly enough to make one weep.
The modernisation that is being declared in Russia has not yet actually become a reality.
Commissioner, I would like to hand over to you the 30-page criticism of the Venice Commission.
I hope that this amendment will be supported by this House, particularly so that we can soon resolve this issue of a uniform electoral procedure for elections to the European Parliament.
It is very important.
Through its constructive proposals on the agricultural component (numerous concessions and a thorough reform of the CAP), the European Union can be considered to have made a vital contribution that moves it closer towards an agreement.
The air transport market has not been completely opened up by both sides as a result of the version of the Agreement reached through negotiation. However, it contains sufficient incentives to encourage reform.
In 2002, Parliament had no powers of codecision in these matters.
For this instrument to be efficient, we must focus on real consistent information and keep in mind avoiding too much bureaucracy and confidentiality issues for our companies and the Commission.
In the end, you have to decide whether you want to have European solidarity or whether you want to give in to armchair politics.
From the countries of the southern region, practically all but Russia and Azerbaijan have requested it.
Financing of interventions by the EAGGF, Guarantee Section (vote)
We therefore feel it is entirely justified for the European Union to sign this Convention.
I have voted against the report because my fundamental convictions do not allow me to accept the unrestricted right to abortion and to reproductive freedom.
Over the past two years, there have been frequent protests on the Hungarian side, but the Austrians refuse to acknowledge this.
Civilians were attacked indiscriminately and houses were bombed.
Thirdly, the draft leaves Member States full freedom to choose their adequate procedures and institutions which apply the test.
The democratic values of freedom and the right to self-determination must be respected by all peoples.
The Republic of Moldova is going through a serious economic, financial and institutional crisis caused by the global economic and financial climate, and especially by eight years of Communist government.
A number of pilot projects were carried out between 2000 and 2005.
Strict legislation is required in this sector, too, otherwise the same mistakes are liable to be repeated in cycles.
We should set ourselves a target of at least or up to 0.5%.
It needs to be a shared enterprise with full buy-in of all the EU institutions and the Member States from the very start.
The EU set itself the objective of becoming the world's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economic power by 2010.
This has increased steadily since 2002, although Turkey is taking more steps backward than forward.
Vice-President of the Commission. - The European Community has developed a number of actions to protect the euro against counterfeiting, but in response to your question about the situation with regard to the fight against counterfeiting, it is as follows:
If we ask who these infected persons are, then I think the answer is that they are usually male or female sex workers, who have numerous sexual contacts every day, often without using any form of protection.
Today's argument will not solve who is right and who is wrong, but what will be remembered is the acrimony of our debate, our accusations against one another.
Tomorrow morning, I will participate in the Troika summit on employment and tomorrow afternoon in the Summit for the inauguration of the Eastern Partnership in Prague.
This industry is also financed at the European level from the taxes of citizens who oppose abortion and who are involved in protecting life.
Local newsman Kent Brockman shows up to report on the situation.
Romania is faced with a tragic situation at a time when there is one donor per million inhabitants. The Romanian Parliament has tried to introduce the concept of presumed consent, but public debate has blocked this step being taken every time.
Considering that you are the leader of a political party some of whose current ministers voted in 2003 against our accession to the Union, you are doing extremely well on the European scene.
I endorsed this report and discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions for the financial year 2009.
It took more than a hundred years and two world wars for history to hear his voice.
I will come back to this in a moment, as I understand that the debates have been combined.
This is what Mrs Merkies referred to in her speech.
It is therefore vital that European legislation should protect consumers and businesses against this kind of practice.
Security standards must be harmonised in ascending order.
It is not just a matter of voting to accept the entry of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen area. It is a matter of doing this as quickly as possible.
I would like, first of all, to excuse the Chair of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr De Castro, who is unable to be here with us this evening for reasons that you know.
A dialogue must be opened, which must include the prime minister, who is currently in prison and who must be released immediately.
In what way could we provide further support, perhaps by sharing best practice?
The whole treaty, and nothing but the treaty: that is how Parliament curtails the Commission's right of initiative.
- The feeling is that the amendment with the addition covers the whole of the text.
(1) consumers' interests have been placed at the heart of the revision of the legislative package;
Mr President, as has already been said, no one could have predicted the recent events in Iceland.
Women have been a wonderful addition to the workforce.
And, finally, there is hypocrisy.
It is inadmissible for Parliament to endorse a proposal for enhanced cooperation in this area of so-called unitary patents because it only seeks to put in jeopardy the rights that the Member States have to defend their interests, merely to benefit the more powerful countries.
Secondly, I would also like to say that, if this aid helps people to help themselves, obviously you do have to take into account what effect all of this has back in Europe.
As Professor John Beddington, the UK's Chief Scientific Officer, recently predicted, unless we take action we face a perfect storm of scarce energy supplies, scarcity of water and food shortages.
The revised UCITS directive will, when it enters into effect, serve to reduce much burdensome red tape and unnecessary costs.
Currently, only 8% have cross-border activities, and their share of public tender participation is 42%.
In Slavonic languages, 'Ukraine' means 'border country'.
We need to make it clear that, particularly in this area, we will perform our duty and, Mr Barroso - I believe we can promise you this - although we want to carry out these hearings properly and carefully, we also want to reach our decisions as quickly as possible, as the citizens of Europe demand that we work and come to decisions quickly rather than spending months discussing various people.
This agreement is aimed at ensuring the traceability and certification of timber products from the Republic of Congo.
Ukraine must also, as a matter of priority, have good relations with its neighbouring countries, the countries of the Eastern Partnership and EURONEST.
I think that we need above all a common technical standard. I also believe that it is important for European institutions which deal with standardisation to also be involved so that proper research can be applied at market level.
Transfers of appropriations: see Minutes
Incidentally, the most efficient form of transport is the one that is avoided.
That is one side of the coin.
Under the pretext of the crisis, they want to force another noose around the necks of the more economically fragile countries, using the established conditions for the application of a European Stability Mechanism to, in fact, transform sovereign states into mere protectorates.
Voting time (continuation)
Thedrop in demand is a symptom of a lack of confidence in the way the economy is heading.
In fact, I do not see how agriculture could be competitive in the medium and long term without careful management of natural resources.
Similarly, on Epiphany in Yialousa, the religious service was cancelled on the unfounded allegation that permission had not been obtained by the required deadline.
It is necessary.
Services of general economic interest, of course, really do need to be protected.
And we have highlighted the role that local authorities have to play within this - and indeed the need for more of a framework around services of general interest - so that we can ensure that people are getting the services that they need.
The Commission's work programme for 2011 is clearly based on continuity.
The text should read 'cease-fire'.
It contributes decisively to creating a European sense of belonging and is one of the most successful and effective European development policies.
These factors are in turn a guarantee of a more effective fight against crime, terrorism and illegal immigration.
Europe's voters are interested less in constitutional questions than in practical solutions to the problems they face, and I urge you at your summit to recognise these problems.
Lastly, I consider it essential to guarantee the right to resume the same job or be allocated an equivalent working position.
The first concerns the independent scientific opinion that is due to be published in October 2010 and approved by the CITES meeting in September 2011.
It is not the case, as Mr Őry emphasised previously in this discussion, that we know too little about what domestic workers in Europe do.
Nevertheless, without abandoning my reservations, I voted in favour of the report.
Dictatorships begin with restrictions on the freedom of the press and information, as well as civil rights.
The perpetrators of the Communist indignity should not be part of a democratic order they tried to suppress.
However, this financial, logistical and administrative effort will turn the EU into a global leader in innovation and will have a positive impact on its economy by creating jobs and opening up new prospects in the field of research, which has been unjustly underfunded for decades.
The equivalent of six years' harvest of timber is lying on the ground, that is, 50 million cubic metres of windfall or windbreak over 300 000 hectares.
These elements especially include arsenic, which is highly hazardous and is often contained in arsenic pyrite, a very frequent accompanying mineral.
The focus must be on citizens.
Firstly, in my view, the implementation of the super levy at this time would be inappropriate.
I think that this Brok report has been a practical preparatory stage of the process of setting up the External Action Service but I also believe that we should pause now before we go further and settle important questions before the High Representative Vice-President is in place.
It is not always easy, because nobody wants to read a novel on the back of food in supermarkets, so I think we should try to find a balance and the right solution.
If this concept is unknown to society, its solidarity is unable to help.
- (SK) Madam President, two weeks ago in Strasbourg, there was a heated discussion on the Hungarian constitution.
This is pre-eminently a matter for the Member States to decide, rather than the EU.
2008 discharge: European Medicines Agency
Everyone here recognised that the present directive, which recasts the previous directive that is more than 10 years old, aims to put an end to a widespread problem: the European Union and late payment.
There is also a problem in relation to increased speed, because these container carriers travel at a much faster speed than bulk carriers.
Sometimes, this almost seems like a game or hypocrisy.
My impression is that the major global financial crisis and the subsequent economic crisis have not made the job of bringing East and West closer together within the EU any easier.
The greater part of society also concurs with this view.
in writing. - (DE) The amounts referred to in this report are totally unrealistic.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Pieper, I am surprised to hear you say that Mrs Krehl must be dreaming.
We urgently need reports of this kind, in which a problem is highlighted and proposals are made for initiatives to improve the quality of our health and life.
This is one hundred per cent a job for NATO.
It will not even truly be a citizens' initiative.
For a start, I would like to tell you that we had reached an agreement with the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
(PL) Madam President, the European External Action Service is going to be the diplomatic corps which represents the Union and assists the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs.
According to estimates by the International Agency for Research on Cancer, one in three Europeans is diagnosed with cancer, and one in four Europeans dies from this disease.
To reiterate then, the piracy in the sea surrounding Somalia must be stopped, but not this way.
We are talking today about many people: Ai Weiwei and Liu Xiaobo have already been mentioned.
It applies only to goods vehicles, only on motorways and only to goods vehicles weighing 12 tonnes or more.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I would like to place something on record: Community competence does not exist in the area of housing policy in general and of social housing in particular.
It is true that the situation is unsatisfactory as regards both SIS II and VIS.
One might see initiatives in the area of social issues, for example, justification for which could perhaps be found in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Progress in international trade must serve this development agenda and if the US has problems with that, then the EU must take a leading role in the successful completion of the Doha Round and also in mediating the full participation of these least developed countries in world trade.
At the same time, I agree that a harmonisation of principles at the Community level will contribute not only towards guaranteeing security of supply, but also towards the stabilisation of an internal market where internal border controls have been removed and towards protecting animals entering the Community.
However, we disagree with some of the details about labelling, notably about overly detailed content regarding fibres, especially when small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are involved because of the costs that could be involved.
Accordingly, we feel it is essential to alter the legal basis.
We agree with diplomacy, but we must use not only diplomacy, we must also use the instruments that we have.
We must not therefore give in to this blackmail.
These are the matters we need to negotiate on now.
I would also like to say that the report by Mr Gróbarczyk is very important, and that technical measures concerning how to avoid upgrading are very important for our policy.
I ask you to think carefully, because tomorrow you will have power, tomorrow you can ask the citizens to vote for Europe, and they will not vote for a Europe that you have described as tribal.
My point of order is based on Rule 24(2) of our Rules of Procedure.
It is possible to access information over the Internet, but it is not always very easy with the different airlines.
Technical requirements for credit transfers and direct debits in euros (
The Barcelona objectives have the aim of increasing employment among mothers but they say nothing at all about improving the lives of their children nor do they have the aim of helping these children to manage and overcome life's problems in the future.
Well, more automaticity is exactly what we propose.
All those who defend freedom of movement on the Internet and free software are to be congratulated.
I voted against this paragraph.
This is a case of good intentions sadly not backed by concrete political will: only recently, the Swedish Presidency highlighted the difficulty of gaining acceptance for these quotas.
In particular, these challenges are to implement new coordination mechanisms for our economic policies, to stabilise the economic recovery by implementing the Europe 2020 strategy for jobs and growth, and to ensure that Europe shoulders its responsibilities on the international stage.
I can well imagine the position of the women to whom the order mainly applies, and who find themselves in situations where they are literally being persecuted, wanting to move and needing protection.
There were some Commission proposals that I even criticised, but they still went much further than those of the Council.
While the Commission's decision to extend the intervention period for butter and skimmed-milk powder until 2010 is very much welcome, short-term measures would not alleviate the pressure on dairy farmers in the long term.
(MT) I voted in favour of the alternative motion on this report and I abstained when it came to the principle motion.
Serbia's market has now been opened up to European Union exporters.
During these difficult times in particular, we must not frighten women away from the labour market.
The next item is the report by Marc Tarabella, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, on equality between women and men in the European Union - 2009 -.
People fought and died so that we could be an independent self-governing democratic nation that was able to hire and fire its leaders.
The question which my fellow Members and I asked the Commission today calls for the Commission to clarify its intentions and to ensure that the decision it takes will be based on full consultation with European producers of rosé wine.
Now I address the British Prime Minister.
We must not forget that the process of reviewing the mechanisms for providing state assistance was initiated for one purpose only: to help the Member States' economies recover from the crisis.
The joint motion for a resolution required the Commission to present a number of time-consuming analyses before it was to sign the agreement, which would run the risk of creating a situation in which other parties would start to doubt whether Europe really is a serious party with which to conclude international trade agreements.
Mr President, I want to welcome the Brok report and urge rapid progress on establishing the EEAS as a democratically accountable service.
The speed with which this debate has been initiated so soon after the Treaty of Lisbon's entry into force is not only opportune from a legislative perspective, but is also an absolute requirement dictated by a situation exacerbated by the economic crisis.
We have to end the travesty of women losing rights when they care or bring somebody into life.
Concrete actions would have to follow; for example, the consistent inclusion of clauses prohibiting the persecution of Christians in international trade agreements with the EU.
The first and the most essential one is transparency.
That is one point I wish to make.
It must invest in better links between leading regions and those that are catching up.
As you know, the Greek Government has denied these rumours.
This feeble increase is progressively distancing them from the eight Millennium Development Goals set by the United Nations in 2000.
Can I take it that this practice is about to end, and that we can have clear and accurate labelling so that we will know exactly which country every product comes from?
in writing. - (NL) I abstained from the vote on the Cizelj report concerning a Commission proposal laying down rules for the management of radioactive waste.
(PT) Madam President, it has already been said that, regrettably, at this moment in the Portuguese Parliament, the government could be collapsing.
The procedure regarding MasterCard is being appealed before the Court of Justice.
We all need, now and always, training establishments that are up-to-date and which, above all, reflect regional needs: this too, I am certain, is a vital ingredient for the growth of our regions.
I mentioned that I have a constituency interest in this.
Over the last four years, Africa, which is the poorest continent and one of the most exposed to the consequences of climate change, has received less than 12% of the funds which are available for fighting climate change.
in writing. - (EL) The rejection of the Commission proposal for a directive is a manoeuvre by the forces of the 'European one-way street' in the run-up to the European elections.
What conditions do those working in that factory ship experience?
To say, we will start with Nice and then we will add a bit of Lisbon, that is just not on.
Because creation has a creator.
Therefore, the stepping up by the EU of the fight against human trafficking is to be welcomed.
A word about a neighbouring country in the Middle East: Turkey.
Therefore, the reform is most welcome.
However, the binding nature of this system creates an additional administrative burden.
(HU) The Commissioner has just said that the budget is policy expressed in figures.
I certainly do not agree with Mr Schulz.
Nevertheless, in recent years they have reformed, and have given valuable information to the West about human rights violations in Iran and the geographical location of Iran's secret uranium enrichment facilities.
We are generally in broad agreement with the Council and Commission in their recommendations on this, in terms of adequate income support, and this report uses that phrase.
I also hope that the EU will contribute to the adoption of and generalised respect for freedom, democracy, fundamental rights and the rule of law in the region.
Chile must respect the International Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and International Labour Organisation Convention 169 on the right to prior consultation and free and informed consent by these peoples regarding all legislation which interferes with their rights and interests.
Given that what is at stake is a Member of the European Parliament's exercising of his political activity, as is recognised in the request submitted to the competent Hungarian judicial authorities, I voted in favour of the conclusions of this report, which recommends refusal to waive Mr Deutsch's immunity.
Finally, the revision of the Cotonou Agreement should provide for an increase in aid and funding for ACP countries in order to help them take the measures necessary to combat climate change.
We must guarantee that respect for sustainable development and labour rights remains equally important in the pursuit of the European Union's commercial interests abroad.
The framework decision on racism and xenophobia imposes criminal liability only for the gross trivialisation of Nazi crimes, but remains silent about the crimes of totalitarian Communism in Europe.
Since I agreed with these principles, I voted in favour of the report, which underlines the important role played by women in agricultural businesses and in rural environments, and draws attention to the significance of this role for territorial development policies.
We know that, as regards job creation, over the next few years the situation in terms of growth prospects will be more difficult than in the years that have just elapsed.
Our priorities are the issue of custody, the solidarity mechanism, the rights of minors and stronger provisions regarding judicial remedy.
(Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure)
Member States that have a social system in place in their own country certainly need not use this scheme.
This protocol merely brings the Euro-Mediterranean agreement establishing an association between the EU and Jordan into line with what has, in reality, been applied since 1 January 2007.
Every time, whether the current case relates to Swift, PNR, data retention or whatever else, we are told that 'this is indispensable to the fight against terror'.
They are responsible for extending a finance-driven globalised economy that is disconnected from reality, where the guarantee of high shareholder returns takes the place of industrial strategy, and where shares rise following the announcement of social plans, while bosses who are not always capable grant themselves bonuses and golden parachutes.
I believe it is essential for civil servants to be accountable to the general public.
As the largest donor of aid to developing countries, the European Union plays an essential role in providing necessary leadership in terms of the adoption of measures at international level to enable the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
All stakeholders - the public, the European institutions, the Member States - should therefore make an effort to ensure the relaunch of the Single Market, and coordinate their respective activities closely and effectively, particularly in order to improve the transposition, implementation and application of the respective rules, to develop a clearer regulatory framework, to ensure greater involvement by the regional and local authorities in this process, to promote open, transparent and regular dialogue with their social partners and civil society, to strengthen administrative cooperation between the Member States, and to develop tools that enable the functioning of the Internal Market to be monitored properly.
Secondly, I would like to stress that we must bear in mind the religious aspect to the conflict.
We must stop, not regulate, the actions of speculative funds.
It seems to me a good thing for farmers on a voluntary basis to add value to their produce through quality assurance schemes, and we should be supporting them, not discouraging them.
Iceland can be considered a functioning market economy and may, in the medium term, regain its ability to hold its own against the competitive pressure and market forces present in the Single Market.
in writing. - (LT) Russia and the EU are linked both economically and politically.
It aims to make the European maritime space - or rather, that of the Member States - one of the safest in the world.
The hundreds of children whom we saw in Gaza, who clung onto our arms and who looked at us with eyes full of hope deserve an answer, just like the children of Israel.
It is also pathetic to read the wording in both these reports with regard to the funding of climate policy and energy policy.
Written statements (Rule 149)
I believe such a mechanism will bring added value in creating a more credible fundamental rights policy within the European Union.
Baroness Ashton, as you may know, is travelling in northern Africa and in the Middle East this week.
This will not be the case if macro-economic policy is totally focused on rapid consolidation.
All costs added to the value of the order shall be borne by the seller.
Sadly, such a sentiment does not resonate in the People's Republic of China, whose Communist rulers are obsessed with unity, but not much thought is given to celebrating diversity.
At the same time, we must bear in mind that it is vital for all 27 Member States to be involved in this future mechanism as part of the single market.
(SK) The general declaration of human rights recognises health as one of the fundamental human rights.
I am sure you will agree with me that she is a great talent.
Firstly, proper cooperation is needed in the area of energy supply, which is of mutual interest.
Neither should it be said that nobody was aware of Greece's problems.
Regional integration is crucial for the development of ACP countries and we need to integrate this reality into Cotonou to better support their own efforts towards this objective.
Because you can quote scientific evidence but then somebody might come along with a different example of a recommendation from other scientists.
The EU-US Summit in November will strengthen the transatlantic partnership and promote dialogue between the two great powers.
I would particularly point out that we managed to obtain a joint agreement on the final form of this report across all the political groups.
We need new impulses for the modernisation of the economic area and new enterprise initiatives in the Black Sea region.
I always found his advice to be wise, measured, considered and not dogmatic, and I wish him, in particular, a very successful future.
From the point of view of Ireland, the timing is extremely important by virtue of the fact that we have a Latvian ship tied up in an Irish port where the crew have not been paid, they have not been given enough food and they have no way of getting back to their Member State, Latvia.
I think this is important not just for Ireland, but for the whole of Europe.
If we consume less energy, we will save money.
I am also looking forward to working with you in Cancún.
The importance of the EU acceding to the ECHR is linked both with its symbolic and political credibility and with the fact that the EU and its institutions will be under stricter obligation to uphold individuals' fundamental rights.
Subject: Waste management in Greece
Obviously, these two countries also immediately began behaving in a way similar to the conduct which led to that first letter of warning.
It demonstrated that the MDGs are still high on the political agenda, with some 110 Heads of State or Government attending the summit.
The designation 'mountain produce' is therefore particularly important.
This directive shall not prevent traders from offering consumers contractual arrangements which go beyond the protection provided for in this directive.
They are carcinogenic and they cause neurotic effects with nerve damage.
The Democratic Republic of Congo has experienced profound instability arising from the artificial nature of its borders and internal animosities.
This might cause a lot of problems in the future because they can be lost forever.
This may also speed up important projects in border areas.
We have the working group between the EU and the United States, created last November, where we have had a series of different expert meetings.
These include the energy market, where regulated energy prices still distort competition; the completion of the single railway market can also bring important benefits to European travellers.
All this is what we could call economic union, internal economic cohesion in the Union.
It is accepted practice for the European Commission to be unduly secretive when it comes to negotiating agreements with third countries, contrary to the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon, which provide for greater involvement by Parliament in the drafting of normative acts.
One tonne of circuit boards contains 200 grams of gold, while one tonne of ore contains only 2 grams of gold.
In addition, the Tribunal has set up proper outreach programmes to contribute to the assimilation and reconciliation process in the countries that came into being after the former Yugoslavia collapsed.
He cannot hang on to power without calling into question part of his own militant history, which was to appear, when resident in Europe, as the man who had brought about the newly regained freedom and democracy established in his country.
The same Member States have also given it a mandate to negotiate economic partnership agreements.
In this case, however, we really are talking about human rights, which are indivisible and transcend the borders of continents, races and religions.
That is fundamental and what the Commission is absolutely engaged in.
We are just suggesting that the Commission not turn its back on a sector that urgently needs aid, and this aid can, today, be an increase in de minimis aid.
In the second part of your answer, you mentioned an absolutely key issue, namely that there is not only a race to carry out wage dumping, but also a subsidies race.
The Member States must integrate this priority to acquire basic skills (reading, writing, arithmetic) into their educational programmes before their pupils specialise.
It is supported in Member States, in national parliaments and, honourable Members - if you look at Eurostat surveys for instance - also by citizens all around the European Union.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on Court of Auditors Special Report No 10/2008 on EC Development Assistance to Health Services in Sub-Saharan Africa by Mr Borrell Fontelles, on behalf of the Committee on Development - B6-0016/2009).
So, from now on, these institutions will have to pay on time, which will be particularly appreciated by the beneficiaries of European funding.
To show solidarity with the campaign to stop this barbaric ritual, I would encourage you all to wear a rose petal today to symbolise our opposition to this practice.
The participation of Switzerland, a country that chose not to be a part of the European Union, in the 'Youth in Action' programme and in the action programme in the field of lifelong learning cannot be ruled out a priori, but should be carefully evaluated.
Besides these new instruments, we have to be aware that the market is changing and is globalising very rapidly, and that in the confrontation between the globalised, evolving market and national supervisors, these instruments are completely inappropriate and the supervision unsuccessful.
So what are we hoping to achieve in Russia?
Is it necessary to be backward-looking and keep on defending a lack of transparency rather than openness?
The growing sense of estrangement and lack of interest on the part of the citizens are palpable, but the European Parliament and, more generally, the European institutions, are determined to create a European political space from scratch.
I personally have no difficulty with reproductive health support; it is when it comes to the abortion area I have difficulty for very good reasons and I would be happy to debate them. I am not an ogre;
We cannot accept any forms of discrimination in this Chamber if we are to be credible in the wider context.
John Monks, General Secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation, has also expressed concern that the social dimension of the Swedish Presidency has been given such low priority.
The Turkish Government has decided to give the go-ahead to the state-owned Turkish petroleum cooperation (TPAO) to explore for hydrocarbon deposits within the exclusive economic zones (EEZ) of Greece and Cyprus.
We must start with the victims - with the equality of victims - because every victim of any totalitarian regime is to be considered equal in human dignity and deserves justice and remembrance as well as Europe-wide recognition and guarantees of 'never again'.
Nothing much has changed since then.
I do not believe that we should make them stricter.
The work carried out by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety in improving the proposal initially presented by the European Commission deserves to be emphasised.
Do we want to turn Europe into an open-air museum where Americans, Chinese and Indians can experience fine culture and good food, or do we want to make it into a dynamic, progressive region, one that the rest of the world regards with envy?
Certain consequences are implied.
They are being removed from public media en masse, and representatives of the government are trying to close down the independent, privately-owned daily newspaper Rzeczpospolita, which is the second largest quality daily in Poland and which is critical, incidentally, of the government's position.
Finally, I would like to remind everyone that in the Union there are Member States that are not in NATO and which have their own reasons for that.
(Applause)
in writing. - (DE) The new common agricultural policy (CAP) is intended to enter into force for European agriculture from 2014.
Action was taken in order for this to lead to a decision, to action, to an approach, a focus that was European in nature.
(HU) I would like to welcome this report and congratulate the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs.
by Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the Court of Auditors' special reports in the context of the 2009 Commission discharge;
I stress this particular issue to you.
This requires responsible management of expenditure, and enough has been said about that for the moment.
Common Immigration Policy for Europe: Principles, actions and tools (short presentation)
Following the 'Single Sky I' package, this report has the merit of presenting a dynamic vision of the current challenges by proposing long-term solutions for the effective modification of the aviation sector.
Although we have a regulation covering the shipping of waste dating back to 2006, this does not work because there is an increasing trend towards shipping hazardous waste beyond the EU's borders, in particular to developing countries where the proper disposal of these hazardous substances cannot be guaranteed.
Particularly during this economic crisis, we must do something for the citizens in the fight against unemployment and similar problems.
I thank the Presidency for that reply because it was indeed my understanding that the Czech Presidency was to take action in this matter.
Cooperation between Member States is key to dealing with the problems of youth unemployment, which can have both heavy social and economic costs.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
I would like to thank you very sincerely for this.
The euro has been a secure port against the huge waves of the global financial storms, to borrow the evocative image of the British financier David Marsh.
We therefore wish Mr Al-Debaqbasi and his colleagues a fruitful stay with us.
The USA is starting to exert significant pressure to have night flight restrictions, which are in place to protect local residents, relaxed or lifted.
In the light of the Copenhagen conference, we are all good politicians.
I should therefore like to point out that the Council needs to respond immediately to the demand formulated by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 December 2010 and send a clear signal to the European Commission, so that it can study the matter in detail and submit specific proposals.
The draft compromise would create an even safer framework for the use of plant protection products in the European Union, and would strengthen our environmental safeguards, and the protection of our citizens' health.
Mr President, indeed, I did not request speaking time, but thank you for allowing me to offer my sympathies to the families of people who lost their lives in a tragic air accident in my home town of Cork in Ireland last Thursday, 10 February.
It is commendable that the energy review carried out by the Commission names the infrastructures whose creation would be in the common interest of all Member States.
The issue of equal opportunities must be resolved, and we have to make progress in this respect, as well, but not in this directive.
However, as Amnesty International, after all, has told us, these improvements have only been implemented to a very limited extent.
The model for resuming flights is the most important thing.
In March of this year, it prepared its report on the Commission's proposal to amend the regulation currently in force, and this new proposal by the European Parliament is a suitable basis for new discussions.
Our implementing partners have the authority to decide what the most appropriate food assistance needs are in any specific circumstance.
People all over the world are expecting us to do so.
Lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the nuclear accident in Japan
Today, I want to use this demonstration - as well as the demonstration that an ethnic minority is not an ethnic minority merely for itself but has to experience solidarity - to give to these minorities a voice here in this House.
During the campaign, a full range of pressure tactics was employed, from concessions such as guarantees that the EU will not interfere with internal legislation on ethics, religion and economics, through threats like the loss of their Commissioner, to the blackmail that Ireland would be marginalised and thrown out of EU structures.
This is particularly important in Belgium, a small country with a relatively large inflow of foreign patients.
On the question of who should collect the charges, my view is that subsidiarity is still the best way because, after all, it is not Member States, but citizens, that pay.
Parliament has proposed resolutions in this regard on numerous occasions.
We should demonstrate that Europe exerts itself on specific concerns and delivers exceptionally well on them.
The vulnerability of these communities has tangibly increased during the current period of economic crisis.
(The President cut off the speaker)
First, it is important to consolidate the instruments that have been created in this climate of emergency: a European monetary fund must be created; progress must be made with Eurobonds; progress must be made with the European supervisory and regulatory architecture, and progress must be made with a European dimension for managing the banking crises.
Let us remember that we already have a President of the European Commission and a President of Parliament, there is also the leader of the country which heads the EU or has what is called the Presidency, and in addition we await the appointment of a High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
Responsibility for this rests squarely with Member State governments and authorities.
Since the EU's fundamental values are tolerance, openness and freedom, I am pleased that the newly elected President of the Commission has made it clear today that he is going to appoint a commissioner whose portfolio will encompass precisely these issues of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
The aim of the report is to extend by a further five years the current requirement for EU countries to have a minimum standard VAT rate of 15%.
(PL) Madam President, international trade, alongside the financial sector, is the area of the world economy which has suffered most as a result of the economic crisis.
Ireland is an island that is situated at the edge of Europe.
However, I note with concern that the General Court in 2009 showed a decrease in the number of cases decided and an increase in the duration of the proceedings and that consequently, although the number of new cases in 2009 was lower (568 new cases compared to 629 in 2008), the backlog of pending cases continued to increase (from 1178 in 2008 to 1191 in 2009).
In Tokyo, a federation of electric vehicle producers has been established, which is already drawing up common standards for these vehicles and is also offering to cooperate with European producers.
Despite everything, today there are already 154 countries that have abolished the death penalty in law or in practice.
Or is it true that the EU will impose conscription to a European army and send very young people to Afghanistan in a European army: can this be true?
We have good wording on the costs of economic growth (para 4), climate protection (para 9), internal cohesion (para 10), integrated and bottom-up approach (para 21 and 23), deprived neighbourhoods (para 25) and cross-financing (para 28).
This is why I think the role of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is especially important in the difficult times of the crisis.
Mahmoud Abbas seems to be a paper tiger, no longer wielding much influence to speak of.
This is surely what the Court of Auditors once did, and we saw the administrative cost savings that followed hard on the heels of the external audit.
Thirdly, we need to be very clear to whoever is watching the euro area that we will never be defeated.
The success of multiculturalism presupposes tolerance, mutual respect and solidarity.
Today's report appears to be a step in the right direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
We should pay tribute to the responsiveness that it has shown since autumn 2008.
However, the strategy will only be successful if it has budgets corresponding to its actions and objectives.
2.
At the same time, Parliament welcomes the initiatives that you have put forward to establish the Europe-Latin America Foundation and also the financial investment facility.
However electric propulsion technology is the most developed.
Mr President, I ask you to convey to the President that he should visit Gaza at the earliest opportunity to judge the situation for himself.
I also support the provisional implementation of the agreement pending its entry into force.
When the Commission expresses its desire to review the European standardisation system, it is essential to acknowledge the contribution that it has made to protecting European consumers and the internal market.
Women, people aged over 45 and young people continue to have the most difficulty in finding work.
The responsibilities of manufacturers, consumers and local authorities are defined more clearly to ensure environmentally friendly treatment.
The European Neighbourhood Policy is an instrument for ensuring stability and promoting peaceful and democratic structures, as well as for deepening bilateral relations with the countries surrounding the EU.
We decided not to vote during this part-session because everybody must have the opportunity to vote, and some Members could not come to Strasbourg at all.
That is the objective of the donor conference that meets in Sharm el-Sheikh on 2 March.
(The speaker agreed to take a question under the 'blue card' procedure (Rule 149(8) of the Rules of Procedure)).
For the 2011 budget, additional expenditure is required above and beyond the ceilings of headings 1a and 4.
It is often true in Swedish debates that when you make your point you make a reference to democracy.
Mr President, the key strategy the EU Commission has for Europe up to 2020 is reliance on neoliberal capitalism and a market system - in other words, the exact same factors that have plunged the world into the current economic chaos and illustrated in the Commission's and EU governments' response to the financial crisis in Greece: a shameful capitulation to the speculation and profiteering by the sharks in the financial markets; demanding that the Greek working class, pensioners and poor should have their services and living standards savaged to feed the insatiable greed of these financial markets, which are not some kind of an all-powerful god, as media commentators would have us believe, but investment banks, hedge-fund operators, bond holders and the like - parasites seeking super profits by deliberately speculating to create financial instability and then exploiting that to bleed working people.
I therefore ultimately believe it is a priority to safeguard certain primary assets such as public health and the environment, albeit in the knowledge that we are operating in conditions that are very much defined by the severe economic crisis that has affected Europe and the world.
(ES) Madam President, Commissioner, this is the last budget of this parliamentary term and, with luck, it will also be the last budget before the Treaty of Lisbon is implemented together with the new budgetary provisions.
(EL) Mr President, if there is one basic conclusion to be drawn from the decisions taken by the last European Council, it is that they failed to persuade the markets, they failed to appease the markets.
I have to say that not every euro in the vaults of the European Central Bank will serve to convince people of an intrinsically bad idea.
29.
We have a combination of factors.
Through gradual regional integration they provide an opportunity for regional trade and the expansion of duty-free and quota-free access to our extensive market, enabling a higher volume of trade with the EU.
Andrei Sakharov also left us the advice that his country needs understanding and pressure - emphatic pressure.
Today's achievement, which we have noted, is essentially that this horizontal cooperation presents a great opportunity, and with the next composition of Parliament we ought to make sure that people talk to each other more and that we do not just have individual groups opposing each other.
According to official figures provided by the European Central Bank in Frankfurt, average inflation during this period has been 1.97%, which is only 3 percentage points below the 2% target.
However, we all agree that spectrum is a very valuable resource and we need to recognise that talking about a digital single market also gives us the opportunity and the responsibility to think along cross-border lines - and, if there is one area in which we ought to think cross-border, it is spectrum policy.
However, the fact is that not much use has been made of the space.
Will we get consensus in Europe?
Each year, because Turkey is a candidate country to the European Union, the Commission assesses in very objective terms the reforms made by Turkey in the rule of law and all matters related to fundamental rights.
Whilst EUR 200 billion is being given to support the real economy and jobs, EUR 2 billion of it is going to the banks, with no guarantee that they will use the money to finance companies and private individuals.
This is due in particular to the fact that these diseases are becoming more resistant to drugs and to the lack of treatment options, which has come about because research has been stopped for the simple reason that it is unprofitable.
Greece is becoming a third-world country, ruining all hopes of reimbursement.
We are discussing it at a time of major difficulties, at a crucial time for the European Union food supply chain.
The fact that we are obtaining more information from the Commission is certainly progress.
However, it also brought about massive de-industrialisation and a squandering of state assets.
The debate is closed.
For this reason, the Council is particularly looking to discern the regional links between ongoing conflicts.
Citizens have the right to demand transparency as far as the Council's and Parliament's finances are concerned.
The EU stands ready to enhance its cooperation with governments in order to combat intolerance and protect human rights.
As MEPs, you will know that the White Paper entitled 'A Strategy for Europe on nutrition, overweight and obesity-related health issues', which was adopted by the European Commission on 30 May 2007, brings together all of the Community policies that can contribute towards improving eating habits and preventing obesity.
Commissioner, there is no doubt that the current programmes must be reinforced within the framework of the new common agricultural policy, so that we can find more effective responses at that level too.
The borders must be controlled, and the blockade must be lifted.
All the Member States would have been in a much more difficult situation without the European Union and its protective shield.
I distance myself emphatically from the proposal to divide Jerusalem, in particular.
Politically, I fundamentally object to the driving motive of EU accession to ECHR as 'a move forward in the process of European integration [involving] one further step towards political union'.
That is also the stage which the Council's discussions have reached on this regulation.
Firstly, the EU needs to strengthen coordination, and make better use of cooperation between the various levels of governance and the different policies.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Madam President, I have the honour of giving the following declaration on behalf of the Commission.
However, you must be aware that this will involve a struggle over responsibilities.
The small and medium-sized enterprises of Europe are the lungs of our economic activity.
We will take care of this matter.
I fully agree that irrespective of where we are - in Strasbourg, Libya, Russia or Iran - this universality must be fully respected.
- Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, before giving the floor to the various speakers for this debate, I am going to allow myself - being, as I am, responsible for multilingual issues in Parliament's Bureau - to read you some advice from a leaflet prepared for new MEPs on how to speak so that the interpreting can be correctly done, and so that this miracle, without compare or precedent in any other institution, can continue to operate daily.
It has been a pleasure for me to work with Mr Coelho, whose constructive attitude has left its mark on the whole dossier.
On the contrary, acts of repression have increased and we need to draw conclusions from this fact.
It is therefore essential that the Commission clarify these points before concluding a trade agreement.
At the very least, Copenhagen should result in binding political commitments and a schedule that will allow the adoption of a post-Kyoto agreement in June 2010 in Bonn.
Our motions on noise reduction, especially from freight traffic, were rejected by the major coalition here in the House.
(DE) I have only one brief question.
The Community has already implemented legislation requiring that its CO2 emissions be cut by 20% by 2020.
Many of these refugees find themselves in Catch-22 situations: they cannot return to their country of origin, nor can they integrate locally in the country of first asylum, since many of these countries are themselves victims of conflict or poverty.
I completely agree with the measures proposed by the rapporteur in order to have an agreement that is more comprehensive and relevant to the economic recovery of this country, which is an EU partner.
The scope of this debate should now be widened.
Lack of this investment will increase the number of rail accidents.
Sometimes I have the feeling that the Council believes that things can just happen by themselves without us having to reprioritise or earmark resources, but that is unfortunately not the case.
However, as I have already underlined, autonomy, appropriate analysis and the independence of experts must be guaranteed, and everything should be done according to the rules, as provided for by legislation.
I want to start by saying that we have no objection whatsoever to cross-border healthcare.
The problem is therefore a complicated one and the compromise achieved does, of course, have a lot of gaps.
It is a known quality.
For me the ECtHR is neither European nor a court of human rights.
The Baloch minority continues to be persecuted and, according to Amnesty International, at least 90 Baloch activists - teachers, journalists and lawyers - have disappeared or have been murdered.
President Obama's decision not to attend the previous summit in Madrid earlier this year exposed the excessive EU synergy.
Would that help Greece or Europe?
There is no sense in it!
Secondly, some of your suggestions are inadvisable.
I see the next six months as a springboard to set ambitious goals, goals I have presented in my political guidelines and which we debated last autumn here in the European Parliament.
The current draft Council decision could create a decision-making mechanism on the stability of the euro that is outside the sphere of Parliament and the Commission.
(EL) Madam President, the EU has been debating an efficient, cohesive and viable response to the crisis for several months now, a response that will ensure that our strategic objectives of viable growth, protection for employment, social progress and social cohesion will be attained.
If we want to understand the huge challenges for Europe, we must unite all the Europeans on the left, the right, and the centre, all those who support the basics of the European project, and we must not succumb to this upsurge of partisan dramatisation, because in fact, most of the time it is artificial.
I think that this House, and we, its Members, have three essential roles to play.
If the negotiations allow, the Commission is happy to move things up a gear; this is quite clear.
I am naturally thinking, first and foremost, but not only, of Mrs Sherry Rehman.
The EU has learnt nothing from its past experience.
So let us ask others to do something similar to our effort.
Composition of Parliament: see Minutes
Major green investment is needed in areas like renewable infrastructure, with more wind farms in the north and solar energy in the south.
As soon as it comes, we will throw ourselves at it and start to discuss it.
Asbestos is very often safe while it is covered.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - (NL) Mr President, the many, sometimes incredible, irregularities in the local and regional elections in Ukraine on 31 October must be a red flag for the European Union.
This regulation is aimed at establishing rules on the use of textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products, as well as rules on the quantitative analysis of binary and ternary textile fibres mixtures.
These mobility partnerships are a means of developing dialogue and cooperation between the Union and third countries in the areas of legal migration, development, and the prevention and reduction of illegal immigration.
It gives me the opportunity to emphasise the point that I have already made, namely that there is still a long way to go before we achieve our objective.
In any case, believe me that I will do everything in my power to ensure this.
On this point, we must all act jointly in a very responsible manner.
However, a recast is urgently needed in order to eradicate uncertainties in respect of the scope, the lack of clarity of the legal provisions and definitions, as well as the differences between Member States and potential procedural overlaps with other EU legal acts, for example, REACH.
I know that it will take a very long time to heal the wounds in Kolontár and Devecser, but we must now give thought to the fact that around Europe, there may be more of these neglected, hazardous reservoirs containing chemicals and other waste.
Is this the way this Parliament wants to bring the budget closer to the citizens?
That is why our proposal that the Commission conduct a Europe-wide study into the problem, including third-hand smoking, is particularly valuable.
We need to keep pressing for democratic freedoms and standards, freedom of expression, democratic values, while at the same time patiently giving Belarus the green light as a country and a society we would like to see draw closer and closer to the European Union.
Resolute and rapid action to slow down rising unemployment.
It is true that the Court, in doing its job, points out errors and irregularities in relation to these funds.
In recent years, we have witnessed hundreds of young Africans drowning off the shores of the EU.
However, at this moment, it is quite important that I should outline to you the most relevant considerations.
I would like to assure you that the Commission takes these issues very seriously and is determined to find the best solutions for the way forward.
The fact that bonuses will not be able to exceed 50% of a director's total remuneration seems to me to be appropriate and respectful of European citizens and taxpayers.
These investments will protect the environment, while also creating new business opportunities and new jobs.
There is also plenty of evidence of the need for future restrictions.
I take the view that this also applies to other areas: to the policy on tobacco and discouraging smoking, for example, where the European Union leads the way, not only in the Union, but also beyond.
There will be enormous benefit to both Europe and Korea on the signing of this deal.
the oral question to the Council by Michèle Striffler, on behalf of the Committee on Development, on the contribution of biodiversity and its ecosystem services to development and the achievement of the MDGs - B7-0464/2010);
However, we urge this House to prevent our representatives, when visiting third countries, from making statements that violate current local legislation and especially that insult a head of state, however worthy of criticism he might be.
The landfill must be re-covered by a final layer in order to prevent the dispersion of fibres.
We talk a great deal about extreme weather conditions and their consequences and hazards, and how they increase the risk of natural and industrial disasters.
I have too many requests to speak, a large number of which are from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats.
(The President once more requested silence)
This has to be done in parallel with the negotiations on the asylum system.
I think we saw the willingness of the social partners to engage with us.
At the same time, I would like to reiterate the very inadequate human resources that labour inspectorates have at their disposal in many of our Member States.
We all know that this is a disastrous situation, and you are certainly aware of the Commission of work on this subject.
15.
Given the important role played by the Joint Committee, including in politically sensitive matters such as environmental and labour standards, it is important that the Commission ensures that Parliament is kept fully informed and consulted about the Committee's work and also about future amendments to the Treaty.
I therefore support Parliament's maintaining of the initial funding allocated to these areas.
I also believe that we need to have a social and cultural approach so as to avoid increasing the already existing inequalities in terms of both literacy and employment levels.
I should like to conclude, Mr President, by saying that the power to make checks and apply real sanctions must be properly implemented in 2013, the European Year of Citizenship.
We have a number of very different agreements on the table today.
Fiscal sovereignty must remain the responsibility of the Member States.
However, we have certain limits and it is very important that the decisions we might take do not mean that, at the end of the day, we shoot ourselves in the foot.
All of them are invited, of course.
Pillar one payments must continue giving farmers a direct payment which gives them a minimum level of income security.
I strongly support the own-initiative report on agricultural product quality policy for which a vote was held on 25 March 2010.
With this amendment, the European Parliament is calling for additional and innovative sources of financing for development, such as an international financial transaction tax, to be explored, and 'further calls on the JPA to address the question of the eradication of tax havens'.
I have read them too.
First and foremost, we do not have a common methodology for measuring efficiency; too many indicators are not comparable.
The recent revision of the directive from the Commission proposes additional amendments to the Directive; such as cost assessment for the environmental impact of HGVs (Heavy Goods Vehicles) in terms of noise pollution, congestion and air pollution.
However, we need to take account of the fact that, through the market dominance of a few chain stores, many voluntary private logos are interpreted as quasi standards.
The next item is the vote.
Furthermore, I support this report because it mentions the need to maintain the EU's agricultural budget for the next - post-2013 - financing period.
Perhaps we need to look at funding under rural development or the common agricultural policy and establish a hardship fund to look after cases like this which are there and which need assistance.
Harmonised conditions for the marketing of construction products (debate)
Tragedies such as the one which has befallen Cuban dissident Orlando Zapata Tamayo, 'guilty' of a crime of conscience, must never be repeated.
However, Parliament would also now like to stress that this must be accompanied by a complete review of the dairy sector's problems and its restructuring.
I know how the people long for peace after 25 years of violence.
The Convention reinforces the Charter and the Charter supplements the Convention.
It should be constructed within the Member States and the Community institutions.
We are also going to discuss innovation in the other part of the European Council.
In pointing to the advantages of coal as an energy source, it should be pointed out that the use of new technologies will allow us to achieve a greater reduction in pollution and gradual adoption of established CO2 emission limits.
- (FR) Mr President, achieving a lasting calm in Gaza will be possible only if a multinational intervention force is deployed under UN control.
The consequences of radioactive foodstuffs, which are particularly dangerous for pregnant women, the infirm, small children and the elderly, often take years or even decades to come to light.
Only the dispute with Greece over its name is blocking Macedonia's accession to the EU, and it is to be hoped that this can be resolved in the near future.
This mode of transport has been moving towards centre stage, because it is one that is environmentally friendly and has the potential to become even more so.
This also applies to Europe in international relations.
Only the interplay between the first and second pillars enables both innovative competitiveness and sustainability.
We are aware that this six-month period will be the first proof of how the new institutional structure works, and we will also support a strengthened Commission and Parliament, which is increasingly the political centre of the European Union.
Consolidation of the biregional strategic partnership between the European Union and the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean, signed in 1999, must be a priority on the European Union's foreign policy agenda.
We want to see that list.
I agree with him when he points to the need for Bulgaria to adopt additional measures, including a special plan that includes measures to be applied at the moment of entry to the Schengen area, and an approach to combating a potential sharp increase in migration pressure common to Greece, Turkey and Bulgaria.
It is about time we listened to them, just as the European political élite should listen to the voters when, in referendum after referendum, they have rejected the Lisbon Treaty.
The EU has to be able to receive as well as transmit.
Competitiveness developments and macro-economic imbalances, on top of fiscal imbalances, are a matter of concern for all EU Member States.
Anyone who does not wish to support Mrs Vălean's motion can stand up.
On 26 October, the European Union took part in a debate at the Security Council to mark the 10th anniversary of resolution 1325.
I therefore welcome the Commission's strategy to combat homophobia and would particularly like to thank Commissioner Reding for emphasising the importance of protecting these fundamental rights through her attendance here in plenary when the time is nearly midnight.
There is therefore a close relationship between freedom, democracy and human rights.
Given that public procurement law serves to ensure that public funds are managed soundly and efficiently and to give interested companies the opportunity to be awarded public contracts in a context of fair competition, I call on the Commission to simplify public procurement procedures in order to relieve both local governments and companies from spending a large amount of time and money on purely bureaucratic matters and facilitate SMEs' access to such contracts and enable them to participate on a more equal and fairer footing.
The report also deals with the links between agricultural policy and fighting climate change.
The problem is, unfortunately, that the position of the Palestinians and of President Abbas on Hamas has changed.
Secondly, is there already a final list of the countries included or is that still to be decided, as Parliament has proposed an expansion?
We are therefore going to continue abiding by Community law on this subject.
I shall tell you - a civil war will break out in Latvia.
What is to blame?
On the other hand, if an institution achieves savings due to unforeseen events, such savings should, as a rule, be returned to the taxpayer.
We hope that over and above this debate, it will listen attentively to our call, which is not a call for help, nor another expression of surprise at the recent tragedy, but a call for it to clearly hear the question which I recently asked: 'what have you done?'.
This instrument has provided EUR 71 million in grants in 2008, which underpinned large infrastructure projects worth around EUR 2.74 billion.
The Charter does not state that this inviolability can be reduced.
At a time of serious social crisis, with increased poverty and unemployment resulting from the crisis of capitalism, this 65th Session of the United Nations General Assembly becomes even more important.
The first question is: what should the government do, and what should we leave to the market through tendering?
The discussion and speeches here are undeniably more dynamic and entertaining than back home in Sweden.
The Conference of Presidents decided that Mr Barroso should attend, and I should like to know from the information available whether he will be there.
In addition, I would like to add my voice to the appeal of my political group for the unconditional release of the imprisoned journalists and adequate revision of Azerbaijani law.
I cannot interpret the latter any other way than that our rights have expanded.
In order to face up to the shared major social and economic challenges that European society faces, we need ambitious initiatives.
Mr President, it is clearly right that we end the complicated patchwork of laws, with different people protected against discrimination in different situations, in favour of a single equality regime.
(Interjection from Mrs Morvai: 'Shame on you!')
These people are unfairly having to pay fees to lawyers and other experts in order to defend themselves in the courts, without much chance of success.
Sadly, anyone who does not support the Sri Lankan Government is labelled an apologist for terrorism and a supporter of the LTTE.
Please forgive me but I must again report a shameful action by the ruling majority in Italy, which would like to save Mr Berlusconi from the trials that have just begun over serious crimes such as extortion and exploitation of child prostitution.
The compromise that has finally been reached in the European Parliament represents a climbdown from the maximalist proposals that were made on the elimination of active substances, particularly from the negative implications that these proposals would have had with regard to insecticides and pesticides.
(DE) Mr President, this is about the Union for the Mediterranean.
Ultimately, we will have to acknowledge that the solution is to switch to those pension systems where people build up their own pension fund over the course of their working life.
I know it was a secret ballot, but we do not know for whom we have voted.
Why?
The European Union's trade policy is not an end in itself - it must remain a political regulatory tool.
Our Parliament should declare itself in favour of the immediate and unconditional cancellation of this entire debt.
This way we can do our job more efficiently.
The Belgian Presidency had previously organised three ministerial, high-level and expert meetings in Brussels, New York and Geneva in order to raise awareness and make recommendations.
I hope we are not going to run the risk of starting another major debate on the institutions, for that, in my opinion, would lead us nowhere in the current climate, and would divert our attention even further away from resolving the crisis.
I am concerned at the suggestion regarding the definition of hospital care.
One worry is its illegal use and its abuse, and, as we know, one of the biggest issues and problems at the moment is piracy.
We will have the chance, when we consider the White Paper and discuss it in depth, to convince everyone of this, because many people do not have the relevant experience and have not yet come across this in their own countries.
The urgent need for such measures is also a result of the geomorphological nature of our seas, such as the Mediterranean, and of the drilling currently under way on the Libyan and Egyptian coasts.
In view of the seriousness of the situation in Gaza, the European Parliament could not remain silent.
It is time for the European Union to insist strongly that human rights and international law be respected in the Middle East.
The aim of the directive is to reduce the impact of pesticides on human health and the environment: a quantitative reduction in pesticide use should therefore be one of the practical aims, to be achieved by specifically setting targets and implementing national action plans.
In conclusion, we need new incentives for the Member States of the European Union to develop exclusive economic zones.
6.
On average, this represents 33% of a household's income, and can be as much as 54% for households with more modest incomes.
This includes all commercial aspects of the exploitation as well as the legal, contractual and financing structures of the different exploitation models that will guarantee that the governance model is put into practice.
Secondly, since, in the majority of cases, natural disasters are also caused by human acts, it is important to ascertain who is responsible for them, to pursue the culprits and to increase the penalties.
I have tabled an amendment so that our European Banking Authority, which we are hoping to set up, has a remit enabling it to perform prudential supervision tasks.
The proposal of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe to attack the Holy Father Benedict XVI for statements he made in Africa is a real curiosity.
The aim of the proposal is to simplify and improve the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products with a view to encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres.
For a Europe that strives to overcome today's health and inequalities, this is not sustainable.
(Applause)
The principles still stated in this regulation today ensure a close relationship between experimented and verified scientific data and the authorisation of the use of certain foods.
This plan is supported by the sector, which needs stability.
I say that the tone of the proposed resolution is not one which will help those who regard themselves as friends of Ukraine.
(DE) Madam President, Baroness Ashton, the excellent report by Mr Gualtieri concerning the common security and defence policy includes an important stocktake of the situation.
Decisions concerning certain documents: see Minutes
It is no accident that in the Freedom of the Press index for 2009 drawn up by Freedom House, Italy was listed among the partially free states, in last place in western Europe together with Turkey, and 72nd in the world together with Benin and India and preceded by Tonga.
The professionalism of the Bank must ensure that this rating, which is also a symbol of European finances, is maintained.
(IT) Mr President, High Representative, ladies and gentlemen, I think that the discussion and the debate in this Chamber lend great strength to its actions with a view to the May summit.
Now is the time to change that.
The visa-free regime is not about asylum for political or economic reasons.
After all, it is undeniable that the financial and economic crises have dealt Europe a heavy blow.
21.
I think that is the consensus between the finance ministers and, by the way, that was also the position that the European Union brought to the G20.
Consequently, from our point of view, a recast in light - at the very least - of the new developments, is a standing request.
It is regrettable that the Court of Auditors was compelled to comment on the budgetary and financial statement of the Foundation, especially to the effect that the initial provisional accounts presented by the Foundation contained serious shortcomings, pointing to significant weaknesses in the financial organisation of the Foundation.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I consider the resolution that we are discussing today in Parliament to be genuinely positive.
Promoting biodiversity means having more weapons in our arsenal to combat extreme poverty and hunger, through the implementation of environmental sustainability policies that maintain our rich and fertile planet.
We certainly did not adopt our position in the face of the principle of the inviolability of human rights underlying the resolution, which we wholeheartedly subscribe to. It was, in fact, about the way in which it was conveyed.
(FI) Mr President, the EU has helped Haiti, which is a good thing, but this disaster has clearly shown, in my opinion, that the EU must have rapid reaction groups for humanitarian action, and that we must develop civilian crisis management.
These problems require harmonised action at EU level so that young people are better prepared for the labour market.
Adjournment of the session
Perhaps the most significant change would be the transformation of the form of the statute from the current equivalent of a Belgian non-governmental organisation to a common and single European legal statute for political parties.
I would therefore like to thank President Caldeira and every member of the Court of Auditors.
As an occupying power, Israel should be responsible for providing for the population in all the occupied areas.
The creation of the Schengen area by waiving internal border controls and the introduction of free movement within the territory of the EU are among the most important achievements of the European Union.
I am glad that the hard work of my colleagues has managed to establish a broad base of support across political groups, turning 194 amendments into 26 compromises, which most groups were able to sign up to.
The central role of the EIB as regards providing aid to small and medium-sized enterprises must be welcomed, and the Bank should be supported in its efforts.
The Hungarian Presidency is particularly committed to the package of six economic governance laws.
We must also bear in mind that the austerity measures adopted by national governments could significantly reduce the chance of the European economy's recovery. This is why an EU-level economic governance model is required which will combine fiscal consolidation with the creation of new jobs.
Nevertheless, I think there were two proposals which cropped up repeatedly from various sides and which were discussed from a number of different perspectives.
Health expenditure is not a cost but an essential investment for the sustainable socio-economic development of these countries.
It is equally important for the enhanced surveillance framework to be established in the context of the European Semester of policy coordination.
Given that the agenda for Wednesday afternoon is so tight, I would ask that the Council and the Commission make their statements very, very brief and that the Vice-Presidents in the Chair make sure that speakers stick very precisely to their speaking time.
We, however, in Europe, should remember that renouncement of the death penalty must not mean indulgence towards the most abominable of crimes, the crime of murder - in such cases, we need severe punishments which are a deterrent and which isolate the perpetrator, such as a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of conditional release.
Whether Ukraine chooses Russia or the West is unimportant.
We would have wanted more of it, but it is definitely an important step, and in that I mean not only the percentage that will now be earmarked, but also the reporting obligation on the part of the Member States.
In order to tackle the new food challenges we are expecting to face in the future, we must make sure that we become self-sufficient producers, importing ever fewer agricultural products from third countries, as they fail to respect not only environmental and health legislation, but also workers' rights.
This is a balanced report which takes due account of the budgetary restrictions needed at a time of crisis, and maintains the conditions for successful and good quality work.
The constituent parts in the Single Market are the people, whose rights and responsibilities should always be our priority.
That was written 21 years ago and, as the President of the Commission said, that is precisely what we are being called on to do today: to keep the dream alive and to tighten controls on the Italian, Greek and southern European borders as a whole, because the southern borders of united Europe are the borders of the other states - of Germany, France and Belgium, for example.
The EU has established its environmental standards in accordance with Member States' requirements.
The lack of responsibility.
On the subject of fundamental rights, I believe that we may have certain disagreements, but that there are no fundamental disagreements with some of the Members who raised this issue.
The lack of recognition of this sector will result in socio-economic damage and will certainly weaken the prospects for improved management.
Making our energy strategy more sustainable will require a continued focus on renewable energy, through the introduction of increased competition within the sector so that we can effectively implement the internal market for energy.
We must be aware that the room for manoeuvre for social policies in Europe will decrease in the future due to the ageing of the population, while the increase in productivity will only be able to come from greater investment in technology and education.
The outgoing Hungarian socialist government placed the Hungarian economy in an untenable situation, since no public investment or state contract was free of corruption, whether for motorways, bridge renovations, parking, health care, domestic financing or EU tenders.
There are many examples of very fruitful cooperation between educational institutions and business.
It is thanks to the principle of mutual recognition that the Union has achieved major successes, including the European arrest warrant, and all this is a blueprint for a true area of criminal justice.
Our colleagues in the PPE Group, headed by Wilfried Martens and Joseph Daul, expressed their support for President Băsescu, which we thank them for once again.
Thinking back also to the recent statements made by Mrs Lunacek, I will refrain from discussing, for example, the topic of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Mubarak continues to this day to hold the office of co-president of the Union for the Mediterranean.
This is a major factor in bringing an end to a number of commercial practices which are exploiting such child pornography.
All this requires direct participation on the part of local authorities and civil society, and the involvement of cities' political representatives in strategic planning and in defining and negotiating partnership contracts.
Mr President, Commissioner, since the Treaty of Lisbon came into force, we have had new powers that we wish henceforth to see respected.
I believe, however, that preventing the dissemination of comments on social networks, forums and blogs - which, by their very nature, risk becoming a modern kind of 'hidden advertising' - can be achieved by identifying the new forms of offences favoured by the Internet and by extending the rules on data retention to online content providers, rather than by resorting to forms of censorship, since I consider it a priority to respect everyone's right to express his or her opinion on the Internet as well, unless it is proven that it infringes the law.
I know that it is not a solution, but you have to start somewhere in addressing the issues.
Because, according to the people they affected, all too often they remained just good intentions.
It is the Member States' responsibility to see that the directive is implemented and, specifically, that its implementation is enforced and monitored.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - (LV) Mr President, Commissioner, we are all lazy.
Yesterday, at least ten people died in a suicide bomb attack in southern Sri Lanka and more than twenty were seriously injured.
This initiative encompasses 14 countries with a population in excess of 200 million.
That is the problem; that is the reality.
It is time to condemn these inhuman practices in any part of the world, and our message today should be that perpetrators of these war crimes can no longer go unpunished.
Situation in Ukraine, case of Yulia Tymoshenko (
For these two reasons, the European Union must renew the use of this instrument, which places trade at the service of development and of human rights.
They provide a demonstration of how small banana producers, in the ACP countries and the outermost regions, have been taken hostage in the agreements concluded in 2009 in Geneva and in the Doha negotiations which are taking place today, agreements and negotiations which the World Trade Organisation desired and imposed.
Concerning EU transposition and implementation: here, I can assure you that we are seeking very close cooperation with the European Parliament.
It now transpires that the official text from the Declaration of the Co-Chairs, which includes the European Union, uses the wording - which is strange, but nevertheless they use it in writing - 'no-fire' period.
You talked about research.
So for those four important reasons of principle, we believe that we must vote in favour of postponement.
Furthermore, even some of those who support PNR data transfer think we should, today, make a political demonstration and show the Council its place in the pecking order - in a word, to punish the Council for its arrogance.
Mr Kamall is not here...
There is a crisis of confidence, and that means that what we need to ask ourselves is how we need to change, how our attitude needs to change: our political, institutional and personal attitude.
Therefore, we need these Eurobonds, these project bonds.
I also agree with the rapporteur's proposal to use e-communication and IT methods to improve the single market in construction products.
I want to say this once again; this is passive marketing. This is a point that Mr Giegold has already mentioned.
The timeframe is much too short - the results would not stand up very well.
We must not let up in our endeavours; a great deal more must be done to realise gender equality within the European Union and also to increase the participation of women in work, civil society and politics.
Obviously, I am voting in favour of the financial decision to mobilise the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) for workers made redundant from Qimonda in Portugal.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur for having worked so quickly.
This is the very problem which we are facing today.
This includes drawing up and implementing policy, and being treated as true partners in realising EU objectives.
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
The capacity to assume obligations resulting from accession to the Union and alignment with the Community acquis should not result in the denial of the traditional national culture of future Member States.
Then the transitional period was extended to 2010.
At the time, the European Parliament expressed its solidarity with the fishermen and called on the Commission to draw up specific proposals with the intention of relieving the situation in regions which relied mostly on fishing.
The post-dated promises and threats have done nothing to change the fundamentals of the Treaty.
the oral question to the Commission on the state of play of SIS II, by Mr Coelho, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, Mrs Roure, on behalf of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, and Mr Lax, on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe - B6-0011/2009).
If we want to reply to the demand by the people of Ireland, we need to give concrete replies.
It is also out of the question to reduce the aid for those regions eligible for Objectives 1, 2 and 3.
Ladies and gentlemen, over the past 10 years, Mexico has gone through a very positive process of political and governmental modernisation.
That is what we want to see from 1 December onwards.
Group - (FR) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we are all concerned about the serious crisis in Côte d'Ivoire.
Although this report has some positive aspects, it was not capable of proposing the creation of a public, independent European Credit Rating Foundation.
If these aspects are improved, the objective proposed in the report of having a representation level of 30% in the arts can be achieved.
Trade can provide an excellent contribution in this case.
It is clear that belonging to Europe, sixty years on, is still an attractive possibility.
They are merely talking shops, where litres of coffee are consumed and which produce an endless stream of reports which not a single person reads.
He played a very important role because he observed all trials before the Supreme State Security Court and made regular evaluations of detention conditions in Syria.
To conclude, Mrs Reding, with reference to Europol, I would like to know why a Council decision is going to be replaced by a Europol regulation by 2013.
These are the objectives of the European strategy, which provides for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
Interaction between people is far greater, and that is set to continue rapidly into the future, so obviously the more harmonisation we have in measurement instruments, the better.
Real GDP in the euro area shrank by 4.1% in 2009, the average general government deficit ratio increased to about 6.3% and the public debt-to-GDP ratio rose from 69.4% in 2008 to 78.7% in 2009.
(The President cut off the speaker)
We must pay due attention to domestic violence in order to bring it out into the open and help the victims, who are women and children.
These objectives have now been reinforced in the plan for the near future, the Europe 2020 strategy.
Madam President, I would like to put one question to the House.
The international fiasco is the cause of the overindebtedness of the Member States of the European Union.
The most heart-rending story was that of a little boy who brought his toys to school every day because he was not sure when he came home whether his home and his family would still be there.
Transfers of appropriations: see Minutes
China is at present a country where forced abortions are performed, a country containing Laogai, a real concentration camp where people work for the big multinationals or the Chinese state and where priests and political opponents are incarcerated.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, you made some remarks at the beginning of the debate about free and fair elections and good representative government and you asked us to support the people of Tunisia.
You have seen that we have tried to deal with these matters quickly, because they are important.
3.
The Azores have set more ambitious specific targets than the EU, with results that are already recognised at a European level, particularly with regard to geothermal energy, through an ambitious energy policy of partnerships between the region and the best national and international research centres.
- We are not going to re-open the debate.
One of the important changes made to the petitioning process is the emphasis on the petition's privacy or confidentiality.
The reasons why I did so are as follows.
Ladies and gentlemen, a few days ago marked the fifth anniversary of the biggest enlargement in the history of the European Union.
Mrs Grabowska, I must thank you also for all that the Republic of Poland is doing to guard the external borders.
This is why I am expressing my concern about the reform proposed by Mr Corbett on petitions even though I agree strongly with what Mr Onesta said, and I thank you again, Vice-President, for being flexible about the time.
We are therefore very close to the conclusion of the negotiations.
The Commission is also looking at aspects relating to victims other than passengers, namely those who are not passengers but are victims of accidents such as the Viareggio accident, caused by an explosion or a train derailment, and it is assessing what responses might be given to this problem.
In this regard, I have to welcome the recent resolution passed by the United Nations General Assembly granting the European Union observer status within the Security Council, thus acknowledging what the Treaty of Lisbon enshrines.
We need to make sure that work on security issues, such as PNR, goes hand in hand with facilitating transatlantic travel for legitimate travellers.
That is what I would have expected of you.
Diseases causing memory loss are a common problem in Europe.
I am sure you already know this, but to give you an idea: in France, for example, the cost of implementing SEPA is higher than that of changing to the euro.
The Stockholm Programme envisages that everyday life should be intrinsic to the process of constructing a Europe of citizens and not merely of political forces or institutional representations.
This report provides for the Member States to lodge interest-bearing deposits or pay fines, as part of the preventive and corrective parts of the Stability and Growth Pact.
Europe is not only an economic and political project.
The Strategic Energy Review that was proposed by the Commission back in November addressed five areas where Mrs Laperrouze and the ITRE Committee go into more detail and streamline these.
I accept that; we cannot carry the entire burden we have been asked to carry at once.
Banning cluster munitions (
(HU) Madam President, today in the European Parliament we are discussing the issue of rising food prices.
I too have the impression that the transition process in Tunisia is headed in the right direction.
On the whole, I agree with the proposed amendments, given that the introduction of alien species is one of the main reasons why ecosystems are being thrown out of kilter and, along with the destruction of natural habitats, one of the biggest contributory factors implicated in global biodiversity loss, as is acknowledged by the Commission.
In order to achieve this goal, I also supported the creation of a tax on financial transactions, as well as the consideration of possible options for cancelling the debt of the poorest countries.
The fruit of these activities is the joint German-Russian Nord Stream gas pipeline project and the offer to include Russia in the European security system proposed by Nicolas Sarkozy.
We are now discussing an individual legal case that is currently being tried in court, in connection with which we have the gall to say that we will stand up for the principle of the rule of law.
(The sitting was closed at 10.30 p.m.)
The constitutions of Member States have to be in accordance with European values, with our value community which we have defined.
Mr Oettinger recently spoke in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy about how we are going to develop our energy relations with Iraq, Georgia and Turkmenistan.
In political terms accession means that the European Union reaffirms the pivotal role played by the Convention's system for the protection of human rights in Europe - in an enlarged Europe, not only in the European Union - but by acceding to this Convention the European Union puts its weight behind the Strasbourg system, and this is a system of external judicial control in the area of fundamental rights because now we are submitting our legal order fully and formally to that control.
Guidelines for the 2010 budget procedure - Section III, Commission (
Look at Greece and the stability programme, which was praised.
Should we not draw lessons from what is happening in what are called the Arab countries and not demand of our Eastern partners what we did not demand of some governments, notably those of Tunisia, Libya or Egypt?
The EU's institutions, as well as those of the Member States of the Council of Europe, will therefore be subject to external, independent control by the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, based on the statement: 'a single standard in human rights, a single Court'.
The vote by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs is an important step forward but our work on transparency continues.
The systematic nature of these killings means that there has to be something in the political and social climate in Russia that has caused such frequent killings.
I have adopted the same stance in support of additional financial allocations for this product throughout the entire period of the European crisis.
They are the easiest.
In part, of course, this derives from the crisis, but as a result of past mismanagement, it is much greater than in other countries where conditions are, objectively speaking, similar.
It is essential for this to occur in order to avoid an omission in the law.
It is actually about providing greater flexibility and it is up to Member States to decide whether and how much they want to allocate to this area.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
The next item is the vote.
His office telephone communications and e-mails were under constant surveillance by Syrian security forces.
Madam President, I was interested that the Czech President-in-Office said that the opposition is trying to torpedo the Czech presidency because, from where I sit, the Czech President is doing a very good job all on his own of torpedoing the Czech presidency.
Civil-military cooperation and the development of civil-military potential is one of the most important components of the common security and defence policy.
I hope that the forthcoming European Council will officially confirm his appointment and that Mario Draghi will be able to lead the ECB from November for the next eight years with the same high-level and unquestionable professionalism that he has shown in the past, and accompany the economy of the European Union towards a phase of recovery that will guarantee stability and strength in Europe's finances.
Whether justifiably or not, this was obviously one of the causes of the clashes.
The first certainty, or the first common element, is that there is now a major convergence of opinion that emissions need to be reduced and that clean energy sources need to be developed.
Finally, it is important that the CAP guarantee farmers better incomes, the latter having dwindled steadily in recent decades and standing now at half the incomes of urban households.
It was because of the need to involve the insurance industry in finding a path to this solution in view of the very complicated system and subject matter.
The only bit that pretends to democratic authority is the rite that was just carried out in this Chamber, which I cannot help saying put me in mind of one of those occasional meetings of the People's Assembly in the old Comecon times where we all stand up and congratulate ourselves on having rubber-stamped the decision.
The EU-Canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement (CETA), with regard to which there are probably only the last few minor details that need to be worked out, will probably enter into force in the near future.
Even though they are used regularly, some lines are being taken out of service because they are not profitable enough.
Many young people in these countries feel how young East Germans, on the other side of the Wall, used to feel.
It is we, in fact, who must bring the 50 points of the document on the common market presented by the Commissioner to the centre of European debate in our Parliament, the other institutions, the Member States and the media.
In the EU, there are still barriers to trade in the construction sector, because Member States still use national technical rules to prevent the free movement of goods and services in the construction sector.
Taking into account all the factors which influence balanced regional and social development, we must find the most opportune mechanisms to enable us to give some of the new Member States at a lower level of development the opportunity to catch up with the rest.
However, the door is now open for further cooperation ahead of COP 17, and I am pleased about that.
(PL) Mr President, Commissioner, the gradual revival of relations with Belarus and our readiness for dialogue with its government are a step in the right direction.
Common system of value added tax as regards the rules on invoicing (
Moreover, there is no specific support from the Rural Development programme for this purpose.
This sector as a whole has experienced enormous expansion since the first provision of Global Positioning System (GPS) services from US satellite facilities in 2000.
The existing EU energy efficiency directive from 2002 has been implemented in very different ways in the individual Member States which means that there is no common approach in Europe on this issue.
I am glad that this report does not infringe on Member States, but that it takes into account the principle of subsidiarity: it provides guidelines rather than mandatory rules.
This must change.
I believe that longer periods of maternity leave are important for children's development.
The situation with the hidden population of older children from three to six years old, in other words the so-called little schools, is not much better.
We must also bear in mind the need for young people to be able to acquire basic democratic skills.
We have supervisory bodies with more members than the agencies have employees.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe has long been like the Sleeping Beauty on matters of immigration, and we are now paying the price for the time wasted.
That will solve a lot of issues.
That is why I voted in favour of implementing the regulations on the statute and the financing of political parties at a European level.
Promoting development is therefore an integral part of Europe's response to today's global challenges and the next five years will be crucial for development policy in Europe and the world.
I have therefore abstained from the vote.
Macroeconomic surveillance cannot be based on a static and simplistic reference framework.
Mr President, Commissioner Tajani, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by offering my sincere thanks to the shadow rapporteurs from the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, those who helped produce this report and everyone who contributed to this splendid result.
Verifying their compatibility with the standards proposed by Canada is vital to ensuring the effectiveness of the final agreement.
Second, I would like to report that this morning, the Council decided, by an overwhelming majority, to request your consent for the authorisation of enhanced cooperation in this field.
We need to put an end to that.
We are talking about third-country airlines, which do not actually fall under our legislation, and so I would advocate integrating these kinds of rights into our aviation agreements with third countries.
The next item is the debate on the following:
The testimonies are more than enough to cast doubt on whether the State of Honduras is fulfilling its commitments under its self-proclaimed president.
Nevertheless, along with our partners we have supported an approach targeting certain articles of that law that are scarcely compatible with the Afghan Constitution or the international law that the Afghan Government has signed up to.
It is vital to know exactly when conditions should be subject to prior authorisation.
I voted in favour of authorising the 2009 discharge in respect of budget of the Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy because the report shows that the accounts and the pertinent transactions are held to be reliable.
It also overlooks the extremely worrying case of the impoverishment of Europe's middle classes.
I would simply say that, as far as I am concerned, since taking up my duties, I have obviously noted the fact that the Council asked Judge Bruguière to go and carry out this fact-finding mission in the United States.
For now, we cannot see the factors that will make it different and more credible than its predecessor.
The EU's efforts to consolidate its foreign policy have not been very successful.
I think that this kind of discrimination should end, and that everyone needs to get used to the fact that the new Member States are full members of the European Union - this is necessary particularly in this Chamber.
This will provide stability and a fair distribution.
Mr Schlyter recommends that you support the compromise text negotiated with the Council.
I believe that it would be useful for the Commission to submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council regarding possible new labelling requirements to be introduced at Union level.
This vote has enabled us to reaffirm our priorities towards the poorest, for whom a EUR 100 million package has been requested, and also towards dairy producers for whom we would like to see the milk fund continue.
If we want to bring about a fundamental increase in organ donations, the Union needs a significantly broader campaign, and measures of a prophylactic and informative nature.
Before he became German emperor, with his seat in Prague, Charles IV was Duke of Luxembourg.
Now I also understand why people told us at the beginning that it is hard to engage in dialogue with this man.
Forest fires in the summer of 2009 (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
Under such circumstances, I cannot allow my name or that of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament to be associated with this document.
Thriving rural areas are very important.
What initiatives has the Council put in place to deal with rising levels of unemployment across the EU-27, other than measures to retrain and upskill workers?
Do you not think that this contradicts all the principles that have been expressed, including by the Treaty itself?
Initiate work on a new document, refer to the Rome Treaties and the Messina Declaration for inspiration, and promote the common interest of the European Union.
Therefore, to include self-employed drivers in a directive on working time would be to misunderstand the concept of self-employment, because when someone is self-employed, they set their own working time.
Not only do I have three children but I also have a grandchild who at the moment drinks nothing but milk.
This will only serve to make us more effective and, as many reports suggest, it will probably mean that populations are more willing to accept us.
The document expresses concern over the rather low participation rate among certain Member States.
At that time, the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development visited the island of Réunion where I visited a small agricultural holding that grows sugar cane.
The introduction of these clearer and more transparent rules on labelling - which include information about non-textile components of animal origin - will also enhance consumers' ability to differentiate products and their quality.
Our objective is to increase the impact of EU funding and to accelerate the implementation of Regional Fund support.
On 10 February, Commissioner, representatives of 300 local authorities in Europe will be gathering in Brussels at your invitation.
The Liberadzki report on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the 2008 financial year, Section III - Commission and executive agencies adopts a very negative tone for Greece on a series of issues from manipulation of financial statistics to vague accusations of generalised corruption in the country.
There is a lot at stake.
We expect to receive a proposal from the Commission in the near future on the possible extension of current antidumping duties imposed on the importing of footwear with leather uppers from China and Vietnam.
For an industry such as the construction sector, it is imperative that the rules are clear and I look forward to seeing the difference these particular changes will make.
Parliament had called for a better mutual understanding between the two banks.
However, promoting nuclear energy directly conflicts with the demand for a world free of nuclear energy, be it for military or for 'peaceful' purposes.
9.
The top priority for the coming weeks must be to work together to turn our intentions into reality.
We therefore need to fight hard against terrorism but also strive to bring justice, hope and economy to a country that has become a martyr to years of war.
Ladies and gentlemen, the European Union is a Europe of solidarity and it is also the advocate for the European regions.
As such, the mid-term review of the current framework programme is crucial so that throughout the second half of its existence, it can contribute effectively to the European economy's recovery.
From where I stand, there is still plenty of ripe fruit within reach that we have the opportunity to pick - in other words, opportunities to increase energy efficiency in Europe.
Therefore the initiative to tighten the regulation of such advertising, and thus protect consumers, their privacy and personal data from unauthorised or disproportionate use, is very welcome.
What I said to the President of the Commission a couple of months ago was: 'Please do not oversell what the European Council decided in December 2008.
An excessive, discriminative, and structurally distorting crisis tax.
I think use of the potential given to us by information technologies should also be seen as a way out of the economic crisis.
It is up to the authorities to meet their obligations and demonstrate their ability to fulfil their commitments, and to the European civilian forces on the ground to support them in this ambitious reconstruction, and to set an example.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, tomorrow's vote is one of the steps which will soon lead to the accession of Iceland to the European Union.
In this context, Europe's cities represent centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, but they must face up to a number of challenges.
In order to prevent further disruptions to air traffic, there is an urgent need to think of crisis management measures.
Petitions: see Minutes
The conclusions of the European Council meeting on 25-26 March 2010 contain a decision which talks about an intention to strengthen the coordination of Member States' economic policy by better use of the instruments provided for in Article 121 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
This shameful resolution approved by Parliament is part of the operation to distort historical truth that is being undertaken by reactionaries and those seeking revenge: the losers of the Second World War.
I want rights enshrined in law which cannot be taken away - not gifts, but rights.
What I would like to do at this stage of the debate is to try and look at the big picture.
Let us stop crying crocodile tears and finally behave like responsible human beings.
Assignment conferred on a Member: see Minutes
We have seen in the past where bad regulation and bad practice have brought the financial world.
So that is the ultimate resort, should this legislation fail.
I only need to mention the fact that farmers from new Member States are receiving yet again this year only 60% of what farmers in the old Member States receive.
Today, in spite of the introduction of the Copenhagen criteria, there exist similar terrible circumstances for vulnerable minorities in countries which have recently joined the EU or which plan to.
(DE) Mr President, I rise to speak here as a passionate pro-European, and am convinced that we are currently receiving a lesson in what EU democracy should not look like.
There is, of course, also an ongoing fraud investigation in Olaf regarding this agency.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the recent G20 Summit in Pittsburgh has confirmed a gradual stabilisation of the economic situation.
The risk, in permitting maximum transparency, is that we will have sterile debates insofar as MEPs will be afraid to speak openly on sensitive issues.
Make use of the community instruments, in particular, to promote democracy.
It fails to take account of the reality and demographic situation which we are facing and about which we have heard no mention in the EU 2020 agenda. I believe that this matter will have to give us some food for thought because we should not allow a new design for the European social model to fail like the Lisbon Agenda has done.
This is, of course, an erroneous claim.
I would also like to thank the members of the Committee on Budgetary Control, as there was a clear majority on the Committee who were in favour of the report and the atmosphere was very positive indeed.
Sweden is not one of them.
We must look more closely at the basic principles that we need to lay down in order to put in place proper regulations.
Every year, 25 000 people die across Europe from causes associated with antimicrobial resistance.
I would like to make two calls: firstly, I would like to call on the European Commission to analyse the situation and adopt the appropriate measures to compensate for the social costs inherent in the loss of jobs and sources of income for the inhabitants of the affected regions.
From the perspective of the opinion which I drafted for the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I would like to emphasise the main benefit of the EU's accession to the ECHR.
Perhaps we might then have avoided total paralysis of the airports and the shambles that followed.
Broadcasting and culture must be a natural part of the development of wireless services.
Close transatlantic cooperation on security - all transatlantic cooperation - is very important, particularly when it comes to creating an area of freedom and justice.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, enough has been said about Greece - I want to turn to the future now.
In my opinion, the Commissioner and the Minister who are present are not responsible either.
Mr President, of course this report about food prices fails to reflect the reality of the situation - that food prices in the EU are kept artificially high by a brutal combination, on the one hand, of excessive EU bureaucracy and, on the other hand, by the now notorious common agricultural policy.
So European money is quite rigidly managed - even too rigidly in some areas.
That meeting resulted in a timely clarification, which was complemented by contacts made by some of us with the Republican side and by a varied group of people and organisations from the Turkish Republic, in addition to the constant work that we have done in the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee.
We are your allies.
At a time when lives are being lost, companies, the national authorities and the Commission are addressing the issue in a very relaxed manner and crimes are basically going unpunished; crimes for the sake of profits, such as the crime which France Telecom has been committing since February 2008.
The subject of a new feeling of mutual trust presents us with another major problem.
Appointment of a Member of the Court of Auditors (Michel Cretin) (vote)
These agreements represent a first step in the process of strengthening relations between the European Union and Georgia.
(FI) Madam President, Mr Czarnecki perhaps does not know that on 22 December 2009, a European government admitted for the first time that there had been such a secret detention centre on its own territory.
It turned out that thousands of sovietologists had dismissed in their analyses the latent powerful force which finally disabled the Soviet dictatorship - the will of the enslaved people for freedom.
Future cohesion policy, the pillar of solidarity of the European project and of social justice, must take into account the following priorities: firstly, reinforcing social cohesion and incorporating the challenges posed by the Europe 2020 Strategy; secondly, providing for the needs and geographical characteristics of the regions, especially the most disadvantaged regions; thirdly, maintaining a gradual approach to the collection of funds so that the regions do not abandon the objective of convergence, avoiding sudden changes in the receipt of aid; and fourthly promoting an equitable system.
I agree with my fellow Members who do not support the budget reductions proposed by the Council.
We have said that Europe will reduce emissions by 30% if other important regions of the world are prepared to make binding agreements, because the climate is a global issue.
I would like to state that I disagree with this inclusion, as the listing of a series of suspect products, including PVC, not based on any criteria, does not make sense.
(DE) Madam President, I, too, should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Dess.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the world economic crisis has thrown the global market off balance.
For example, its credibility has been damaged by attempts to push the Constitutional Treaty through and the failure to hold national referenda.
Last but not least, legal remedy can now be utilised for the first time.
By supporting the report on the European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy, I am advocating a new approach to urban policy based on close cooperation between operators at the various levels of decision-making: EU, national level, urban areas and peripheral urban areas.
The Commission must also demonstrate to us that cooperation between service providers and copyright holders will not impinge on citizens' fundamental rights, especially the right to privacy, the right to freedom of expression and the right to due process.
First, the leading Iranian nuclear scientist was recently murdered in a brutal terrorist attack.
For this very reason, cohesion policy should continue to strongly support all the European regions, contributing to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
Any decision leading to the administration of antimicrobials, whether to humans or animals, should be carefully considered and take into account the potential threat of antimicrobial resistance (AMR).
Unfortunately, in spite of the significant efforts of individual countries to control it, the crisis continues to develop - workplaces are closing down, unemployment is rising and entire families, as well as sections of society, towns and villages, are becoming poorer.
I voted in favour of the compromise that was achieved and, finally, I should like to take this opportunity to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Gauzès, on his mammoth task.
I agree with the rapporteur, Mrs Mathieu, and with the proposal for a directive, which is part of the European Union's efforts to develop a global migration policy and is a framework proposal for citizens of third countries.
We need to get this right so I am working with the NATO Secretary General to improve EU-NATO relations in practical areas and set a positive climate.
Your chief negotiator often gave us the feeling that we were - if I might express myself in colloquial terms at this point - a bit like God-botherers who sought to question holy writ, rather than dealing with the concerns we voiced on behalf of the citizens of Europe.
What people forget is the fact that this is a revision of an existing directive.
We radically disagree with the creation by NGOs and private individuals of counselling centres and agencies to support maltreated women.
The opportunity is represented by the fact that the new Member States can make a tangible contribution to constructing European policy.
Our involvement in the Western Balkans is one such example.
Benefits are announced, without making it clear where they will come from.
The Treaty of Lisbon gives the Union legal grounds to establish intellectual property law, and provides that suitable standards will be adopted under the Ordinary legislative procedure.
Nevertheless, there is no doubt that much remains to be done in this respect, and that the European Union and the Russian Federation not only share a historical, cultural and religious heritage, but that they also have common interests and challenges which warrant a closer relationship on many levels.
It would create false hopes and would be liable to slow down the efforts made by the countries in question to implement the reforms required by the road maps.
For that reason, I would like at this point to thank my fellow Members from the other groups once again for their very committed cooperation.
We are about to begin a rather special vote, since, for all those who, like me, are due to leave Parliament, I think that this final moment spent together will be somewhat emotional.
As a Hungarian Holocaust survivor recalled: 'even the SS knew that Gipsy families could not be separated.
As many have said, what we will need to do is to review all our preventive rules, to examine them after having cooperated fully, of course, with the sector, with the public authorities and the regulatory authorities, but also - and I am emphasising this point for the benefit of the Commission - with independent experts, so that we can be sure that we have heard all possible points of view on these issues.
Just as with the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea region and the Danube region, success in implementation will depend on good dialogue at all levels of regional cooperation, because this dialogue will lead to proposals for appropriate and regular reporting, monitoring, evaluation and follow-up mechanisms.
Faced with challenges such as climate change, the economic crisis and globalisation, together with demographic changes and developments on the labour market, we need this policy urgently.
This is an essential condition for its sustainable development.
There are still things that need to be done in this area.
The Commission has a right to initiate legislation, but, today, on these issues, that right has become a duty.
That is subsidiarity.
The next item is the Commission statement on the earthquake in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Perhaps some people thought that Parliament would become more amenable after the elections in June, or that Parliament's demands for openness and transparency smacked of election promises rather than a real change of attitude.
Thirteen parties have been buried by Supreme Court judgments.
Energy Efficiency Action Plan (debate)
Last week, I met representatives of the Wellcome Trust, which is the UK's largest charity and last year gave EUR 750 million to medical research.
Mr President, finally, I wish to thank our rapporteur.
Improving the security and governance of the Schengen area in a time of increased pressure is a means to this end.
We can only endorse the general ban on the employment of illegal workers to discourage illegal immigration.
As we know, along with the CAP, regional funds represent the biggest part of the EU budget.
In the past, we in the UK have suffered as a result of such scaremongering around our produce, and this speculative blame game must stop.
This is a positive measure which is grounded in the current situation, and which is aimed at increasing mobility within the EU.
The freedom of the press is also not of the standard that we would expect.
Unemployment is set to increase and the weak signs of recovery noted in some countries are not enough to guarantee the creation of new jobs.
We obviously should condemn and demand liberation, impose sanctions and consider suspension but, if we do not go beyond this verbal condemnation and moral support, there will be no fruit from this action.
In practice, major legal problems still arise in connection with international adoptions.
I fully agree with them that we must put an end to the ever-growing number of chargers and that it must in future be possible to charge mobile phones using a single, standardised charger.
Hearing the British Members express their criticism is all well and good, but from what I have seen in the newspapers, a lot of British politicians have been less than honest with their money.
I should like to make a brief statement concerning the proposed modifications, so that we all understand their importance with regard to achieving the objectives we have set out:
in writing. - (PT) Taking into account the statement of assurance as to the reliability of the accounts and the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions provided by the Court of Auditors pursuant to Article 287 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, I voted for this decision, which grants the European Ombudsman discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2009.
I do not think that the food industry should be an exception.
There is a fairly large Russian minority living there, as well as many Hungarians, Tatars and Romanians.
And a second thing, which is, perhaps, the most fundamental and the greatest doubt in this whole debate: it would not be a good thing if we contrasted what we are calling here European objectives with what we are calling national ones.
What type of changes do we need?
The use of legal proceedings to attempt to prevent Members of this House from expressing their opinions on matters of legitimate public interest is not compatible with democracy.
To be more specific, this subject requires us to reflect on a fundamental question: the direction impressed on the EU's cooperation policy.
Clear responsibilities need to be defined for each Member State in the event of a disaster, with the necessary logistical preparations so that capabilities can be mobilised as quickly as possible to the highest possible standards.
This country is already the poorest and the smallest of the former Soviet republics.
We would already have the trans-European networks and we would have more high-speed rail lines and high-speed trains.
The latest scheduled hearing was postponed again on 18 October, leaving these seven people since then without any clear prospect of proper judicial proceedings.
On the contrary, those countries experiencing much worse conditions than these 'victims' of the crisis, but which have not been involved in globalisation, as is the case with most of the African countries, still have their problems and remain outside the solution.
We cannot allow this because it completely misses the point.
I therefore reject the idea of capping direct payments, since this is a move which will reduce the efficiency of agriculture throughout the European Union.
I firmly believe that the EU will continue with the positive steps it wants to take towards full social inclusion and full integration of fellow citizens with disabilities.
It is a crisis of the euro area, of which Greece, Ireland and Portugal are the first victims.
The Commission has introduced a private storage aid scheme for Northern Ireland, and under this scheme up to 15 000 tonnes can be stored for a maximum of six months.
Over five million Europeans have already lost their jobs, and far too many will still face unemployment.
In practice, the head of security services has no involvement in the appointment of judges to the Constitutional Court.
I would just like to say that reopening the debate as to the 2020 target could lead to uncertainty in planning, so, of course, we should now stress that a long-term target has been set.
Besides, I am in general very critical of the use of the Flexibility Instrument.
That offers opportunities, but must be handled with great care.
Furthermore, the Presidency wishes to achieve the best possible collaboration with this Parliament, especially through informal consultation, before the formal stage of negotiations begins.
Our priority must be to make sure this disastrous experiment is never extended to the UK.
It gathers information and analyses new scientific advances, so as to identify and assess all potential risks to the food chain.
The Member States can decide which path to take - whether they want to make this cover mandatory or voluntary.
The solicitation of children for sexual purposes should be seen as a crime.
But, if used sustainably, and if the maximum residue levels and withdrawal period are respected, they are of minimum risk, and of none at all to the consumer.
Now, directly following on from this decision, we have the next issue relating to enhanced cooperation on the table.
Unfortunately, the European political leaders who went to the island did not have any time to meet with the representatives of the dissidents, who therefore felt marginalised.
In the notorious 202020 climate and energy package the energy savings target was the only nonbinding one, as it was assumed that it would be stepped up in line with other mandatory targets, such as those for cuts in emissions and renewables.
I appreciated the method followed by the rapporteur in evaluating the outcome and modalities of the EU cooperation for development.
Agreement between the EC and Egypt on scientific and technological cooperation (vote)
This was not the case, unfortunately.
I consider the role of local governments, entrepreneurial partnerships and educational institutions important in the development of the labour market demands of vocational education and training.
In fact, many of you have urged the Commission to keep a strong accent on collegiality.
This is why I believe that we need sustainable solutions in the energy sector.
In addition, I support the fact that the market alone cannot provide income security for producers and also the call for a detailed impact assessment, in particular, let us say, on the implications for food security.
Ireland is a democratic state.
Oral questions and written declarations (submission): see Minutes
The Commission has already examined very seriously Parliament's guidelines for the 2010 budget, and agrees with most of the points.
It is clear that the prosecution is a vexatious one, by a private organisation, designed to deprive Mr. Gollnisch of his elected position and his good name.
The request for other criteria to be added does not comply with the European Treaties, is not a European approach and is not based on sound arguments.
The Commission and Member State governments should give stronger support to projects intended to boost energy efficiency, whether we are talking about investments to make public transport as energy efficient as possible, insulating buildings, etc.
We should pay tribute to her and to the other courageous Tibetans living under the occupation.
We must pledge our commitment to Europe and do it quickly.
Mr President, I believe that we are currently in a serious situation.
(FR) Mr President, I would like to use this speech to make a rather broad point, because what is happening is, of course, historic, and I believe it is essential.
It has already claimed over 3 million victims, and forced over 4.7 million people in the region to leave their homes.
(DE) Mr President, I would like to endorse what Reinhard Bütikofer has said.
What will we do, for example, if there is so much pressure on any particular country's health system that the waiting lists become unmanageable?
Three hundred and fifty representatives of the people in 26 countries have said 'no'.
We are losing the European spirit.
Closer cooperation between the Baltic countries will help bring them closer together and will make our region's market more harmonious and accessible to the whole of the European Union.
In future years, real hard cash will be poured into these rescue mechanisms instead of guarantees.
It is important but, as Mrs Figueiredo pointed out, poverty is far too prevalent in Europe too.
The press is currently highlighting the case of 16-year-old Medine Memi, who was cruelly murdered by her own father and grandfather.
The next item is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the Fourth United Nations conference on the least developed countries.
However, the project finished at the end of 2008 and there is now a need to evaluate the options for taking this work forward.
In the last months of the last Commission I also had responsibility for security, so all information about demonstrations came to my desk.
Do we want to have families that are adapted to the market and the needs of companies or a market and companies that are adapted to families?
It is the High Representative's direct duty to ensure that these structures will be integrated and operate coherently.
Another pillar from the digital agenda is dedicated to digital skills.
The only British party in the European Parliament that opposes Turkish entry is the UK Independence Party.
You said, Mr Salafranca, that you wanted to see the relationship between the European Union and Latin America as a relationship between equals, and I must say that I like this idea, but the problem is establishing who these equals are: are they the governments, which are also different, or are they the people, who are asking for more information, or for more rights - as in the case of women - or for poverty to be tackled?
(SK) Mr President, it is true that social protection for workers is often a lot weaker than it should be, even within the European Union.
I would stress again that, unfortunately, the EGF has been very sparingly utilised in the face of Europe's high rates of unemployment.
A significant part of this important acquis is recognised by all EU Member States.
We are two facets of a single civilization; our histories are two interpretations of the same set of values.
We are waiting for it to be produced by the Commission.
It is instead only a relief for the citizens of Albania, who, for over a year, have had to bear the consequences of a never-ending political crisis.
Therefore, if these rights are not acknowledged, it cannot stand aside and look the other way.
I hope, too, that thanks to this directive consumers will have greater confidence in cross-border trade and online purchases as a result of improvements to and harmonisation of some new rights and the greater clarity given to those which already exist.
As a result of this amendment, Member States will have the opportunity to expand the area of application of the measures targeted by these programmes and also seek assistance from international organisations in implementing these measures.
This is why I believe that it is important for us to be prepared in 2010 for many similar applications which will come about due to the economic crisis. The existing procedure must be simple so that states and beneficiaries can gain easy access to it.
Of course, prevention can't be done without a proper level of financial resources.
the creation of better conditions for employment, unemployment prevention, the lengthening of working activities and the promotion of more active participation in the labour market;
The Commission would have us approve a new agreement with Morocco.
On human rights, the rule of law and regional cooperation.
Does this mean, as you have sent in your officials to sort out the Greek financial situation, that you can now be addressed not only as President of the Commission but also as the Governor of Greece?
Most of them were completely depleted after the earthquake.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, reform of EU finances is long overdue and I am grateful to Mr Böge, the rapporteur, for establishing this.
A considerable proportion of the jobs done by women are usually on a part-time or fixed contract basis, with unsuitable pay.
As a result, they would only be counterproductive and would not help our economies.
author. - Mr President, can I start by saying that it is very good to see Commissioner Wallström in the room, as well as Cecilia Malmström, from the Presidency-in-Office, because we were both engaged in this dossier from the outset, in 1999.
As the European Parliament's rapporteur for the legislative report on the expansion of the European Aviation Safety Agency's (EASA) powers, I welcome the negotiated agreement with the United States on facilitating mutual acceptance of civil aviation safety certificates.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund: Lithuania - construction of buildings (
This is Orwellian Newspeak and it is unacceptable.
in writing. - (IT) Mr Leichtfried's report deals in a positive way with the important subject of the control of EU exports of dual-use items, meaning goods which can be used for both civil and military purposes.
Trade is about giving opportunities to the Pakistani economy to produce and to export and to give jobs to the people that need those jobs.
We are pleased with this.
Why should there be any difference between individual users who do this and an enormous company like Google?
We hold the future of our citizens very dear when it comes to our vision for the future.
Turkmenistan has acceded to international conventions such as the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Political Rights of Women.
10th Anniversary of the Mine Ban Treaty (Ottawa Convention) (vote)
Let me take the opportunity to explain why I voted against the Greens and their amendment.
Why is this?
I think that must be taken against a background of a recent Eurobarometer poll, which shows that support for Irish membership of the EU has dropped by 10 percentage points from 77% in the spring of 2006 to 67% in the autumn of 2008.
Their expulsion reveals that the response being given by the government is precisely the opposite of the kind of response that is needed and desirable and that should be acceptable to the European Union and, above all, the international community.
It is these interests that are being defended, even at the cost of the interests of the people in those countries.
This verdict tramples underfoot freedom of religion and the cultural heritage of Europe.
In this connection, I also wish to point to the debate on derivatives.
We wanted to investigate the role of foreign policy and its ability to have an effect on the deep-seated causes of immigration, beyond humanitarian or emergency causes.
Today, therefore, I think we can all be pleased with the fact that many international and European rules have moved forward as part of the maritime package, and I hope this will soon be nothing more than a bad memory.
(Parliament approved the motion)
Specifically, we think that it has responded well to the extremely serious financial situation in Greece, because what the European Union has definitely done in recent months has been to take clear steps towards what we have begun to describe as the economic governance or the economic government of the Union.
Unfortunately, as shown by events in recent years, accusations often have a purely political overtone.
But after various business and interest groups had got involved the proposal was reduced to 12 months only - with quarterly reviews!
We are most concerned that this partnership should preserve, in particular, the consistency of all European Union policies - trade policy, budgetary policy - with objectives in the area of development, but also in relation to the promotion of peace, security and democracy and human rights in ACP countries.
In our case, back in 2001, such a strong signal was sent, and in a couple of months, we managed to fulfil all pending conditions.
Now despite my antipathy to the Bush Administration's foreign policy it seems to me that it is a perfectly reasonable position for Bush to take on the basis of US self-interest.
I therefore appeal to the national management authorities to get involved.
As such, it is imperative that this issue is addressed on a European level.
On the subject of climate change, I think that the drafting of the environmental protection policy must not affect other types of policies, or the allocation of European funds for policies such as regional development.
I voted in favour of the resolution, although my opinion differs even from that of my group on many amendments, in an attempt to highlight the fundamental importance of the measures linked to health and safety protection at work.
Our farmers deserve it, because they are the ones who produce what is required to feed us.
Your second argument is that the criticism is unspecific.
The policy of deindustrialisation pursued in recent years has resulted in the loss of millions of jobs, the relocation of European industry to third countries and to a 10% unemployment rate, which is even 20% among young people, thereby jeopardising the EU's competitiveness.
I am talking, obviously, about the largest Portuguese-speaking country in the world: Brazil.
It is crucial that this is in line with the objectives of the common fisheries policy (CFP) and that it contributes to sustainable development.
Over the years, 520 Christian churches and monasteries have been systematically destroyed and replaced by minarets.
However, countering the symptoms that have been in evidence so far is not enough.
A number of such arrangements have already been concluded and others are currently under discussion.
I believe that one of the keys to the problem of forest fires has to do with information sharing and best practice as regards prevention, and I should like to point out the pioneering role played by the forest fire fighters in my own department.
Therefore, we call on all political forces in Moldova that are proposing a future of European modernisation for the country to avoid any unnecessary protagonism or confrontation, and to concentrate on developing a broad vision with the aim of directing the country towards achieving its European goals.
I am in favour of the report submitted.
The accession negotiations with Croatia have progressed significantly, but fundamental reforms in the areas of public administration and the judiciary, corruption, refugee return and so on, have yet to be completed.
3.
Or are we safeguarding a regime that, between 2003 and 2006, for example, concluded 61 contracts with international mining firms, not a single one of which was judged by international NGOs to be acceptable from the point of view of the Congolese people?
Forests and wooded land currently cover more than 42% of the EU's surface and there are more than 16 million forest owners.
I should mention that during the negotiations with the Council, Romania managed to achieve a balance between the initiative's accessibility and stipulating provisions preventing its abuse.
The debate this morning also revealed that the effects of the crisis, which, in the recent past, did not spare our Member States, either, are still closely felt.
I find this to be an extremely serious allegation and call on the President to somehow highlight what has been said and establish whether this can be considered appropriate in such a sensitive debate that touches on the suffering of human beings, who are clearly not considered to have the right to eat, as it has been said of them 'they even demand food and are lot of freeloaders'.
With regard to the debt issue, work is under way as part of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative.
Documents received: see Minutes
We have voted in favour of the report on the financial aspects of the Treaty of Lisbon, which deals with the form the budget procedure will take if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force.
- Before the vote on Amendment 2:
I call for you to recognise this interim government, because it is the only force that can bring about democracy.
Is the European Union determined to resist the monetisation of living things?
There is no doubt that there are many UK politicians, here and at home, who would like Britain to join the euro.
I also admire the thesis in the report about the importance of providing continued support, in particular, to disadvantaged regions.
However, and here I insist, the essential thing would be greater commitment on the part of the European Union in response to those conflicts which are currently festering;
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Schulz, please put on your headphones.
I voted for the report on imports from Greenland of fishery products, which aims to apply internal market rules to these imports once Greenland undertakes to transpose European legislation, notably, legislation on animal health and food safety.
Further measures to support the proper development of the European services market are also essential.
Making transport more expensive does not make it more efficient.
I would also like to thank the Chair, Mr López Aguilar, and all the members of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, for their commitment to this issue.
This situation leads to increased costs.
Have we underestimated the influence of political crises on the Union for the Mediterranean?
Commissioner, I am pleased that you have spoken about discrimination and countering it, but the fact is that no minority can survive unless it is granted positive discrimination.
They therefore often solve their current financial problems through giving birth.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, it is only right that the Treaty of Lisbon and the appointment of the members of the Council should come 20 years after the fall of the Wall.
The citizens' initiative gives citizens a right of initiative similar to that of the European Parliament and the Council.
How is it currently being dealt with?
The work of the European Platform on diet, physical activity and health is ongoing, and Platform members commit themselves to actions in their area to try to reverse the trend.
Whether this is done, as Commissioner Barrot said, in a coordinated way on a flight with several different people on board whose cases have all been reviewed individually, or whether they travel separately, is actually of secondary importance.
It is difficult to find a state there where Christians can live as a normal minority and, most importantly, freely proclaim their faith.
In addition it is also true to say that a good collaboration with the national authorities and the organisation of fact-finding missions are definitely useful ingredients for your work.
Mr Schulz, obviously I believe that all democratic parties have a place in democratic countries.
the report by Mrs Mathieu, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training for the financial year 2008 (SEC(2009)1089 - C7-0181/2009 -,
Each state is responsible for improving the living conditions of the Roma population. However, the success of this process lies, to a large extent, in tackling this issue in its entirety through coordinated actions.
That is why the European Commission has proposed a mechanism of bilateral loans managed by the Commission.
The attention that the European Parliament gives the UN is most important.
The European Union's support for the Jewish state of Israel should therefore be beyond question.
I would like to welcome the ambitious objectives which the Belgian Presidency of the Council is also adopting as part of its programme in the agricultural and fisheries sectors.
Capital is required for this purpose and SMEs must be given easier access to it.
It seems like a very good idea, certainly given the fact that the issues of nuclear energy and radioactive waste get so many people stirred up.
His advice has been valuable and I must say that also the lines of command in the matter of property policy at the Commission are very clear.
The Commission has, from the beginning, been a strong supporter of this idea, together with the Korean chair.
Thank you, Mr Šefčovič.
Therefore, to ensure - and to finance, if necessary - early intervention, and to ensure that the banks pay for the banks: that is what we consider to be an orderly resolution, and I intend to present this proposal both to the Council of Ministers and to you yourselves before the end of the summer.
In the energy mix for 2050 the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy has confirmed the share of nuclear energy alongside the other energy sources, such as renewable energies, as well as the desire to develop means of energy storage and to use solar energy, which is an infinite resource.
That was cancelled, so here we are voting on something which has not been debated, although it does not say so.
Because the EU is now a mechanism for the redistribution of wealth to favoured client groups.
The diseases that we are discussing today - Alzheimer's disease, although Parkinson's disease is also referred to in the text - are diseases of the brain which constitute a major challenge for Europe.
We have also managed to provide support for the safe closure of the Kozloduy nuclear power plant in Bulgaria, and I would particularly like to emphasise the safe aspect in this matter.
Number one: energy efficiency; number two: renewables, because they reduce carbon without posing a risk; and then the other technologies.
4.
From the point of view of their rights and dignity, their situation is much more like that of women in Third World developing countries than that of their sisters in Western Europe, who are fellow citizens of EU Member States.
Allow me, first of all, to pass on the apologies of my colleague, Georgios Stavrakakis, who was unable to come to the debate on this matter, even though he worked on the report during the last few months as shadow rapporteur for the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament.
We checked for the last two years and the Court of Auditors was not present.
If we establish a system where environmental dumping originating in the developing and less industrialised countries is not possible, we can protect jobs and superior products, and we will be able to continue to do this in the future too.
The European Commission and the Member States should strongly condemn sexual abuse, intimidation, torture and violence against women in Libya and Egypt.
I sincerely hope they will do so quickly.
Only one in four businesses trade across borders and those who trade limit their operations to only a few Member States.
You are absolutely right, and expressions of solidarity are due to all the affected countries and all the people of Europe who are today facing danger.
The rapporteur argues very well that the financing of these stricter measures should not be borne solely by the passengers (through externalisation of the costs), but should be financed by the Member States, which ultimately bear responsibility for the safety of their airports.
We are thoroughly examining the various possibilities in the European Union, including the centre in Rovaniemi, Finland (Lapland) and, above all, the role of this possible centre.
It is important to have said that both sides were responsible, and we now have to look at how things can develop in the future.
With all due respect to Mrs Le Pen, leaving the euro is simply not an option.
The Early Warning and Response System and the Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed have provided a solid basis for exchanging information.
The consensus we have reached suggests that we have widespread support for the proposal and that it will be adopted tomorrow at first reading.
We have the opportunity now and the Court of Auditors is looking forward to assisting you in this task.
Therefore, we must ensure that conditions are equal across the Community and also along the entire chain of custody.
Calendar of part-sessions for 2008
There is a disproportionate rise in irregularities in Poland, Romania and Bulgaria.
That is why, before Toronto, we should aim to have agreement on the key financial services regulation files that I mentioned earlier this afternoon.
Action taken on Parliament's resolutions: see Minutes
However, I am convinced that, in future activities carried out by Parliament, we can increase the attention paid to those communities in which the infant mortality rate - I repeat - is still particularly high and can no longer be tolerated.
At the moment, universities in the European Union offer researchers and students less attractive conditions than the colleges in the United States. One of the main reasons for this is the lack of money.
However, these long journeys also result in poorer quality meat.
The EU, as well as the Hungarian Presidency, counts the accession of the countries of the Balkans, including Croatia and the Macedonian state, among its priorities.
Yet I echo your sentiment that it is very important to get this funding off the ground quickly, as projects are ready and waiting, and can be started immediately.
Scientists admit that this figure could double over the next 20 years.
Mothers do not pass on to young women the fact that camomile can be used when bathing a baby, because of its disinfectant properties.
I wish to point out that, at the moment, the cost of registering a patent in Europe is about 10 times higher than for a Japanese or North American patent.
Commission, Council, I urge you to seek out the ayatollahs' weaknesses, primarily in the interests of a more tolerable fabric of life for the Iranian people and in the interests of the security of the Jewish State of Israel, not forgetting the Arab world, and also the European Union.
In view of the fact that the reduction in CO2 emissions is mainly due to the increase in energy efficiency and the use of renewable energies in the transport and housing sectors, and in energy-intensive industries, can the European Commission state what concrete measures it has in mind to help the Member States stimulate investment in increasing energy efficiency and the use of renewable energies?
We believe that Europeans must finally vote and throw this treaty into the sea.
Mr Orbán, I implore you to free yourself from the shadow that has fallen over your Presidency. Then we will be able to say at the end of it that you fulfilled your priorities.
There are marked differences with what happened in Libya, where dialogue was replaced by military aggression, making any possibility of a peaceful solution to the conflict impossible.
Today's text will enable us to make the dreams of many people who wish to own their own homes come true.
As the honourable Members will be aware, the Commission is also entrusted, in recital 55 of the regulations, with the responsibility of drawing up a shortlist of candidates to steer the process of selecting the first chairperson of each authority.
I hope he understands how hard I fought for some of the elements that he also wanted.
One way is by lobbying for British EU officials and British diplomats from the Foreign Office to fill posts in the service, because surprisingly, the UK is under-represented in the EU institutions.
Although responsibility for disaster prevention lies primarily with the Member States, the European Union can make an important contribution.
In this resolution, the European Parliament calls on the Commission to go one step beyond simply establishing these cases and to make a practical contribution to the process of establishing a system of social protection in Haiti.
I think this is a very important feature.
But currently there are no common provisions on GM-free labelling, leaving the Member States the freedom of choice.
For the common foreign and security policy, it will remain basically intergovernmental: it is the prerogative of the Member States.
Will we once again be given a basis for discussion for the next two or three years?
We may nevertheless hope that the application of reason can help the various political components to look more closely at what is right and fair where progressing along the road to European unity is concerned.
I also appreciate the fact that the report is calling on the European Union to reaffirm and defend vigorously the principles of the universality, indivisibility and independence of human rights.
All this, however, should not mean that the international community abandons the Afghan cause.
I do not know if this is the case for other sectors, but together we decided it would be that way.
Indigenous farmers feel threatened by settlers looking for pasture for their livestock.
However, I would like to mention a problem that I sense here, and not a marginal one.
One of the main reasons this has not been done is that the licences are national.
This is very important as we often talk about innovations, new initiatives and modernisation.
If you start with incorrect assumptions, in other words, that disputing the first instance in detail will save costs in subsequent instances, it will automatically seem as if all Member States have poor first-instance procedures.
To date, the GSP represents one of the most important EU instruments in the area of trade and it is monitored by the European Commission.
I have not supported colleagues who think the solution is just a stronger role for the European Parliament.
Parliament is taking on new powers and new responsibilities.
In fact, we are not doing this only for the younger generation, but for anyone who travels in the European Union. This measure is actually, on the one hand, a means of protection for consumers, but at the same time, it is a good example of the way in which the market can be regulated for the benefit of Europe's citizens.
The Presidency must concentrate on the operation of the Council, given that the European Council has become a separate institution with a permanent president.
The victims are both local and foreign, with numerous and grave abuses being committed against the latter, from the absence of the necessary information or an interpreter to the violation of professional ethics by doctors and the absence of legal assistance.
The political guidelines presented by Mr Barroso summarise the strategic ambitions of European monopoly capital and form the political programme applied by the political forces of the European one-way street throughout the EU, including by both New Democracy and PASOK in Greece, regardless of whether they are in government or opposition.
That is why the banks no longer trust each other, because no one has securities for which they take responsibility through risk.
It is therefore necessary to increase the number of MEPs to 754 for the rest of the 2009-2014 parliamentary term.
In addition, our group strongly believes that all projects have to address concerns about transparency and corruption and cannot stand in the way of a frank and strict human rights dialogue with the cooperation countries, as well as a holistic and political approach to these countries.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
The damage was estimated at almost EUR 900 million, which is nearly 0.7% of Romania's GDP.
I do not wish to see UK citizens in any way contributing to any form of EU tax.
Let me share with you for a moment a few thoughts on the track record of the euro.
The Vatanen and von Wogau reports highlight the need for a politically, strategically and operationally independent European Union, through an ambitious European Security and Defence Policy (ESDP).
(The President cut off the speaker)
Secondly, I would like to draw your attention to the national parliaments.
For this reason, I do not think it is helpful for Mrs Vergiat to attack religions in such sweeping terms.
Lastly, I agree with the rapporteur on protecting consumers' rights to information and on the labelling of feed.
I believe we have all found her to be a very competent person.
Moreover, as I can find no common ground with the policy proposed by Mr Barroso, I confirm that I will not be supporting his appointment as President of the Commission.
The vast majority of the population still feels positive about the euro.
In particular, in consideration of the current financial and economic crisis, we want the same supervisory regulations to apply to the EIB as to all other commercial banks, because without real supervisory control, the EIB cannot be a credible player on the credit market.
The EU is already highly committed to achieving long-term stability, security and development in the country.
I have seen the surprise on people's faces many times when they learn how much electricity costs in Africa.
The buildings policy is also important.
(GA) Madam President, thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak on this topic.
The Commission needs to look at the whole role of identification and traceability, and above all let us wait for the police investigation, which I think will surprise people.
Thirdly, I would like to emphasise once again that the Council must give a clear signal after Copenhagen that a binding climate change agreement is needed.
A great deal of effort has been made over recent years and laws have been passed in Europe which give this sector certain facilities and specific tools; however, the Community directives on equal treatment for men and women are not being transposed into national law.
We must recognise it and praise it.
Of course, a framework will also be provided for cooperation between the competent authorities in the Member States and the European Securities and Markets Authority.
This crisis has also shown that we have to strengthen the mechanisms for delivering ODA.
I voted 'against'.
Consideration must be given to the sharp rise in business-to-business indebtedness, non-payment of national and local public contract organisations, etc.
If a toll is imposed on heavy goods vehicles without, at the same time, developing the railways and removing cross-border obstacles to rail transport, then we will have simply voted for more expensive goods and there will be no improvement in people's health and no reduction in pollution.
(RO) Romania introduced the use of biometric passports from 1 January 2009.
It was not therefore a matter of excluding a certain number of workers from third countries.
As many of you know, a central part of a Burns supper is a haggis.
(PT) Mr President, this is an important debate, since I believe that it is the last in which we will be discussing names.
I welcome the European Commission's initiative to present a broad policy framework for European action on climate adaptation policy.
Open markets and more education, growth and prosperity must not be topics that are consigned to the past; they need to remain topics of the future, as must social security, an industrial base and no expansion of the financial markets.
Here, Europe must establish and deepen its dialogue with the developed countries, because we have to reduce and eliminate the burden of our historic emissions together, while at the same time listening to developing nations and the poorest countries and enabling them to espouse sustainable development, even if it carries a higher price tag.
We will therefore definitely have to think about systems in a new way, so that this situation can be dealt with in a manner that is sustainable for everyone.
Firstly, there is already a framework at EU level laying down exposure limits and production standards and also a defined level of protection in terms of known effects.
While there are many valuable aspects to this report, and I believe that this is an area where there can be considerable cooperation between national police forces - indeed the police force of Northern Ireland has been leading the way in this - I abstained in the eventual vote because I firmly believe that the setting of minimum tariffs is a matter for the Member State alone.
On account of the continual and constantly faster pace of development of information and communications technologies and their fundamental importance for society and industry, it has been found that there is a need for this agency in future, too.
The news about the application of the death penalty is also disheartening.
I should like this gesture, ladies and gentlemen, Mr President, to be repeated by other Member States.
The work should be targeted at the few specific areas where the fundamentals of sustainable growth should be addressed.
A full accident prevention policy is required for the facilities in which toxic substances are treated or stored.
That is something that we need to be aware of.
It can have fundamental consequences for Member States' health systems.
To show this flexibility, the Commission will, for instance, put in place a simplification package to speed up decision-making on state aid, allow for the use of accelerated procedures in public procurement in 2009 and 2010 for all major public projects, and request that Member States take corrective action in case of any excessive deficit in timeframes consistent with economic recovery to allow their economies to adjust.
This group will present its findings in June.
We think this is really very important, as has been shown by what has happened.
The decision tomorrow will be able to demonstrate that Parliament is able to take difficult decisions in difficult times.
2) The Presidency, too, is aware of the importance Parliament attaches to the general agreement between the EU and the United States in the field of data protection.
Doing so could cause deeper divisions in our societies and lead many people to call into question the value of their participation.
For years, only the Court of Justice of the European Union has settled disputes regarding cross-border healthcare and patients' rights.
For this reason, I have not voted in favour of this report.
This is a debate launched by the European Commission Green Paper at a time when the digital age is invading our lives and globalisation is becoming a challenge for the CCIs.
In terms of freedom, as a member of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, I wonder whether there is not a risk to health and, of course, a risk with regard to infringements of personal privacy, and therefore of fundamental rights, and with regard to the use of these images.
Europe, which is small by comparison, should, however, offer the world more than simply more toxic factories, so I think it is right to invest in new technologies, the development of medicine and pharmacology and innovative solutions in areas which we already know well, including agriculture.
Oral questions and written declarations (submission): see Minutes
I believe that this project, which favours European citizens, is the next big task for the European Union.
The European Union is seen around the world as an attractive and sought-after partner, and this owes much to the unique way in which it combines economic dynamism with a social model.
It therefore requests a breeders' exemption, enabling the further development of plant varieties to take place freely.
Unfortunately, we lost all amendments which referred sceptically to the recently concluded free trade agreements and the association agreements under negotiation, and which warn against the risks of weakening the existing fragile regional integration efforts.
We will need to make the most of the possibilities offered by the Treaty of Lisbon in order to prepare the way for the next COP.
Today, we must overcome the storms of a global crisis and find Europe's place in a global economy that is undergoing complete transformation and rearrangement.
At the present time, we lack a well-founded scientific basis for being able to exclude the possibility that nanomaterials in food have damaging effects on the human body.
Not at all.
I am voting in favour for the sake of transparency and of acting without obstacles posed by the legal system.
This did not happen for a multitude of reasons, but now the time is ripe.
Now my opinion has become official: the EU's own monitoring system has not - as I suspected - turned out to be a placebo, a sedative for critics, within the space of a few years, but rather after just a few months.
On the other hand, I would like to remind the critics of the media law that we are living in the 21st century.
That energy has always come from a variety of sources.
The European Parliament therefore calls on the EU Member States to take appropriate measures in this respect.
The rampant, widespread corruption and the smuggling of weapons and drugs sow unrest in the region.
Furthermore, it should be noted that this agreement will allow for guaranteed revenue for the Solomon Islands, which will be used to support the implementation of its national fisheries policy, thus contributing to the principle of sustainability and sound management of fisheries resources.
This assembly is rooted in the tradition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, which for more than two centuries has represented the boundary of Europe, understood as a political, cultural and civil project.
The fact is, agriculture is the sole means of existence for 70% of the world's poor, as Mr Diouf underlined.
2.
Mr President, I was glad in the Parish report on animal testing that Amendment 170 passed.
I welcome plans for tests and would like to stress that they must conclude with common rules between Member States on the security of nuclear power plants and on the storing of highly toxic nuclear waste.
The phase of 'getting worse before getting better' is probably behind us, but the getting better will be slow.
I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation not only for the work done, but also for the personal dedication of Commissioner Reding, Commissioner Andor and all those who have cooperated on this truly significant achievement.
What will you do to ensure that some of our diplomats think about human rights as a full-time job, every day?
That is what we are doing in Sweden.
Electrical resistance, or Ohm's resistance, which is important in the transmission of electrical energy.
The European Union will face major difficulties in relations with Russia unless the two partners rely on the same values and principles.
I do think, however, that new regulations in this area should place greater emphasis on effective inspection of collections and the enforcement of legislation.
Tourism has almost stopped, the suspension of foreign aid is having a direct effect on public investment, and overstretched and underequipped hospitals are struggling to cope, not just with the usual problems caused by poor sanitation, malnutrition and disease, but now also with the victims of increased street violence, including beatings and even killings by government forces.
(DE) Madam President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Christofer Fjellner, and his shadow rapporteurs.
I believe that recent developments have only served to highlight this situation more acutely.
Many Scottish people have been affected by the Spanish land grab, losing their homes which many have saved a lifetime to afford.
The Commission is intensively monitoring protectionist measures put in place by its major trading partners with a view to appropriate action.
What is the Commission or the Council going to do for the release of those imprisoned for political purposes?
David Kato was a courageous human rights defender and fearless LGTB rights activist.
9.
As has become clear with the passage of time, in this case, too, it is innocent people from the affected communities who are paying the highest price for the carelessness of those who should have taken care of the upkeep and safety of the reservoir, and therefore also the safety of these houses.
That concludes the vote.
The Community Customs Code is, in principle, applicable to trade with all non-member countries.
It will focus on the following: support for observance of the rights and opportunities for socially excluded people to actively reintegrate themselves into society; emphasis on the responsibility of each member of society in the fight against poverty; broadening the tried and tested methods in the field of social inclusion; strengthening the commitment of the main political actors.
I think paragraph 12, about processed animal proteins, is also very important as long as we apply the rules in relation to it.
I welcome the Council's initiative in preparing legislation proposals for the 2009-2010 period on introducing an entry/exit system, a Registered Traveller Programme (RTP) and an Electronic System of Travel Authorisation (ESTA).
Mr President, the situation in Burma continues to deteriorate.
What guarantees do we have with regard to this?
None of us achieved all we would have wished, but I believe we will have made a significant step forward, and I would very much welcome Parliament's support for this project.
It is important to maintain international pressure, for example, by condemning the human rights abuses and crimes against humanitarian law in the strongest possible terms and by imposing sanctions.
Phase three begins once both sides introduce the possibility for investors to set up and control new airlines in each others' markets.
However, even for someone who really wants an increasingly neoliberal, militaristic and federalist form of European integration, it is unacceptable that he had not a word to say about the terrible social situation that the European Union is experiencing, which can clearly be seen in the rise of over 5 million unemployed in just one year, so that there are now over 23 million people out of work.
Consumers will gain through more affordable purchases and enhanced access to high-quality services.
Most of these issues have been dealt with, as I have said, without controversy.
This effort to use available means will contribute to improving opportunities for sustainable growth, reducing disparities between regions, and encouraging social inclusion and cohesion between regions.
That is the reason for the date of 2014 - one hundred years after that historic event.
It is true that the Commission has a broad margin of discretion in the application of fines.
In other words, it is military action conducted in favour of one side and against another.
The PNR agreement itself does not have an expiry date; it has never been terminated and thus continues to be in force.
Parliament did very well to take the lead - it can be seen to be justified now more than ever - and in pressing to have this package considered absolutely essential.
The European Council agreed with the draft composition proposed by Parliament in 2007, increasing the number from 750 to 751.
Perhaps we could also make people aware of the treasures that are there, so that the people there can preserve them into the future.
But we have to be ready to offer the support, ready with creativity and determination and to do so on a scale that matches the historic nature of the changes we are seeing.
(CS) I am very pleased that the European Commission recognises that, in order for the future of the Union to be successful, it is very important for decision making to be more democratic.
Yes, when there is no competition, they are expensive.
As Bulgaria and Romania meet the requirements for accession to the Schengen area, I welcome its expansion to include them.
I am very pleased to welcome a delegation composed of four members of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Parliament of the Seychelles and two senior parliamentary officers, headed by their Chair, Mr William.
The Prime Minister will make a statement to the European Parliament on the preparations for next week's G20 Summit.
(EL) Mr President, the Treaty of Lisbon is creating an even more negative framework for the peoples of the Member States of the European Union and of the enlargement countries.
I very much hope Macedonia will keep working on becoming a mature European democracy, regardless of what Greece does.
We know that, even though some asylum seekers then appeal on these issues, again there will be convictions, just as we have had to date, by national courts, before we even get to a European Court ruling.
This is why I would like to welcome the restrictive measures adopted by the Council against the Syrian regime at the start of the week.
This is not the right way to communicate.
Politicians from certain countries, whose own language is, in their opinion, the most important one in the world, have claimed that we will destroy the internal market in this area if we enter into enhanced cooperation.
What has Parliament managed to win in the negotiations with the High Representative?
It can therefore be said that, when the Republic of Latvia regained its independence in 1991, the Soviet-era newcomers were in Latvia illegally.
Today our greatest challenge is to carry out a speedy reform of the basis on which our policy operates, and to simplify and make more flexible complex project implementation procedures and funding regulations.
However, we have heard today from the rapporteurs that 'the foreign policy must not be subject to renationalisation' and 'it will break the red lines laid down by Member States'.
Thrombin is currently in use.
Lastly, does anyone need reminding of the tragic fate of the Kosovo Serbs, persecuted on the now colonised land of their ancestors?
It is a pity that we are discussing them all in one go.
Organisation of the working time of persons performing mobile road transport activities (
I voted for this recommendation on the energy performance of buildings, since it promotes the objective of moving towards nearly zero energy buildings.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, during the trialogue of 2 April, an agreement was finally reached between Parliament and the Czech Presidency.
It will no longer be in future.
in writing. - Human rights are still violated in many countries and it is unfortunate that grave violations sometimes are not addressed timely and properly by the international community.
Unfortunately, a coherent, coordinated strategy on the role of culture in the EU's external actions does not currently exist.
I support this report.
Europe has pledged to support the countries of North Africa, the Near East and the Middle East in their democratic process.
And yes, obviously, we needed to address the importance of press freedom, the cornerstone of any democratic country.
That is my, and our, opinion.
In accordance with this policy, the Commission published in June 2008 a call for information addressed to the market in order to have better knowledge of the existing possibilities for the development of a site external to the European area from 2014.
I trust that it is now clear to everyone that the conflict that has erupted between Russia and Ukraine is not merely a private bilateral legal dispute, if only because it affects hundreds of millions of citizens of the European Union.
(RO) I believe that the new agreement will significantly improve relations between Parliament and the European Commission between 2010 and 2015.
It even claims that some financial institutions and authorities did not understand the nature, amplitude and complexity of the risks they incurred.
We have once again created a reserve for this.
I would like to thank all those Members who have spoken in clear language, stating priorities while, at the end of the day, agreeing on exactly what we have to do in a strategic approach to regulation with regard to the management of radio spectrum.
The aim is to keep all administrative costs as low as possible and to work with those who have responsibility locally and nationally for the various flagship projects.
I hope that it will lead to this subject being put on the European agenda, so that we can undertake yet more formal work on it.
We are a small nation and we are rapidly losing our most active 25-40 year olds, in whose upbringing and education much was invested.
Let us finally tell it like it is: the crisis was not caused by people living off their wages or salaries, but by those banks, multinationals and insurance companies that milked European societies dry.
There is no doubt that the Treaty will serve for the benefit of the European Union by simplifying its decision-making process and creating a better field for its effectiveness.
This means that Parliament has the power and the duty to monitor negotiations - in this case, trade negotiations - and to intervene politically using the parliamentary means at its disposal, such as hearings, resolutions and oral questions, in order to stay informed on the progress of these negotiations.
The bracketing of the demonstrations in Belarus, where the so-called protesters receive much support from abroad, with the storm of revolt in Egypt and Tunisia caused by rising food prices and unemployment, is quite beyond my understanding.
Madam President, cases of the cruel slaughter of seals are part of the phenomenon of poaching, which, unfortunately, we encounter fairly often.
Tourism activities should be allowed under strict conditions, such as a limited number of tourists per day, and on the basis of a solid sustainable tourism plan that supports conservation initiatives and promotes a responsible experience of wilderness.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I cannot imagine anyone in this room voting against a ban on construction in places where land was burned by intentional forest fires with illegal purposes.
There are marked differences between the various pension schemes in Europe, but it is important to create a common platform by clearly defining the division of responsibilities.
This also holds up payment of contributions from the Fund, to the detriment of the workers, because some Member States are reluctant to advance payments for training, job-search assistance and other measures.
As rapporteur for the European Parliament report on nation building, I have to say that this is an extraordinary opportunity for us to partner South Sudan, one of the poorest and newest 'countries-to-be' on 9 July, and make nation building - that we keep talking about in this Chamber - a reality on the ground.
I believe that any solution which seeks to deal with these imbalances in relation to trade by simply and straightforwardly proposing free-trade agreements is not on the right track.
We felt her absence during the previous debates on the Hungarian media law, when the same values were at stake.
in writing. - British Labour MEPs are supportive of positive cooperation between NATO and the EU, and welcome sharing of experience and expertise as a key method for strengthening basic capabilities, improving interoperability and coordinating planning, equipment and training.
Although we are seeing signs of economic recovery, the signs are still negative with regard to employment.
It is important to make available emergency mechanisms that will enable rapid intervention to aid the affected populations.
Energy security (Nabucco and Desertec) (vote)
Perhaps you could also tell him that, under these conditions, the European Parliament will not be an easy partner and that the economic governance package needs the Commission to pay greater attention to what emerges from this Parliament.
In this case the people responsible for the budget were even ahead of us in the energy field.
It is shocking that large countries that were accomplices of Bush in the extraordinary renditions, in the secret prisons and in Guantánamo, such as Germany, the UK, Italy, Poland and Romania, should shirk their responsibilities by ignoring the appeals of the Obama Administration.
The European Parliament has sent a clear signal to the Council and to the European Commission in order to ensure that the Small Business Act is actually implemented, namely 'priority for SMEs', so that these new measures can be understood and applied by all such enterprises, particularly by including the following actions: avoiding unnecessary burdens, promoting the emergence of innovative medium-sized companies beyond the Community definition of SMEs (250 employees), and making it easier for SMEs to get access to funding and public procurement contracts so as to increase their growth potential.
Approval of Minutes of previous sitting: see Minutes
Next week, hundreds of participants will be boarding planes for Mexico, which will generate CO2 emissions.
After Fukushima, the first victims there were the workers and the firemen.
If there is a positive result and the European Parliament approves its report at the plenary session at the same time, which should happen, then the Czech Presidency will submit the compromise text to the Council.
- (SK) Madam President, the four guidelines of the Council on employment policy should also remain in force in 2011.
I am satisfied that ample attention has been paid to the energy performance of buildings; initiatives in this regard must be undertaken at European level also.
It is obvious today that, as we are exploring other avenues, this problem cannot be solved by military means.
Studies have shown that the lack of financing for trade by the banks is due in large part to the slowdown in commerce.
I am not so much in favour of that.
The human and material consequences caused by the violence of these meteorological phenomena have left a deep impression on us MEPs.
Generally speaking, the aim should not be to focus on trying to meet an ever greater demand for energy.
Mr Rehn, you do not have to respond to this.
They are the tools at our disposal to help Europe through the economic crisis that we currently face.
Question Time (Council)
In this report and, of course, in this debate as well, we have rightly focused primarily on southern areas and on the Middle East.
I think it extremely unlikely that we will get to Question 33.
The various issues on which we disagree with the Iranian Government are dealt with as a single overall challenge: the nuclear programme and Iran's relations with its neighbours, the catastrophic human rights situation in the country and the difficult economic situation.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the secretariat, the shadow rapporteurs and the entire committee, including its chairman, for enabling us to show a united front.
That would naturally help to safeguard jobs as well.
However, if the trading partners are too different in terms of their stage of development, there are, in many cases, negative effects for both parties.
Two major projects are currently being developed: South Stream and Nabucco.
Once again, in the overall context of this financial and economic governance that we are in the process of establishing together, the 2011 tests will be more rigorous, credible and transparent than the previous round, and we are going to build on the lessons and the review of this 2011 round in order to ensure that, as you have requested, the subsequent stages in the banking sector stress tests are even more effective, rigorous, credible and transparent.
I have heard the words 'freedom, liberty and justice' bandied around in this debate.
Does the WHO's system of protecting intellectual property, which I did not mention in my written version, constitute an obstacle to the production of vaccines by developing countries?
I am pleased to note that the goals set by the Commission proposal have been met.
Even then, we will be a long way from being able to breathe a sigh of relief.
The question now is, what can and should be done in future to deal with such crises?
We subsequently saw wishes being replaced by visions, strategies, political will and capabilities, which also prompted us into action, not just on a European level, but also on a global level.
If we need to have more coherence - which we do - we definitely need to have this permanent structure in place.
Written explanation of vote
This would have beneficial effects, such as persuading managers not to follow overly speculative and risky policies, which would benefit not only individual institutions but also the markets overall.
I will conclude with two points.
Only then, when these people are actually made responsible, can we guarantee that the rules of the game will, in the end, be adhered to consistently.
Thus, we have achieved improvements in this area.
It is lovely to see how this Chamber has been enlivened by symbols of hope, but ... (the speaker was interrupted by disturbances in the Chamber).
I must, however, stress that we are only halfway there.
Representatives of the IMF are currently in Chişinău, and we await their report with interest.
We are voting in favour, however, since measures are being introduced to make sure that imported pharmaceutical products are safer, including traceability, a ban on repackaging, compliance with EU safety standards, the partial regulation of Internet sales, and the possibility of extending similar measures to over-the-counter medicinal products as well.
Well, I think that Taiwan should be able to take part as a fully-fledged member state.
In both cases, I am glad to be able to count on the joint support of the European Parliament and the Commission in fostering the countries' and the region's efforts.
The biggest problem with the proposed regulations relating to climate and forests is that forests are key to the EU being able to achieve the climate targets that have been set.
During the last six or seven weeks, the Council has discussed Parliament's proposals at least on a weekly basis.
It is right to subject products to a safety assessment that also gives distributors a responsibility for completing the necessary checks before marketing the goods.
However, with the vision and determination to take the right turn at each of these crossroads, there is a chance that the current impasse can be overcome, however far off that might appear now.
In relation to your particular concerns, EU Member States have now reached an understanding on the usage of the so-called 'negative list' approach.
Every country departed quickly, very quickly, with its resources, its equipment, its dogs, its people and its generosity.
I want to make the Belgian Presidency a social presidency par excellence.
Therefore, I think that it is high time that the European Parliament was given more powers in the field of nuclear energy and we ought to reach an inter-institutional agreement so that we can have codecision powers.
As regards Commissioner Barrot's reference to Romania, accusations have been made in the past without any basis.
According to information provided by the Court of Auditors, SESAR's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
The social and economic costs of failing to treat this problem are far larger, far greater than those of facing up to it.
It is essential that strict controls are put in place and that there are punishments for failure to comply with them.
When attempts have been made to choose the delegate by election, these attempts have been declared to be invalid.
Firstly, I believe it is important to complete the EU budget review procedure before the end of the year in order to allow the debate on the next Multiannual Financial Framework to begin during the Hungarian Presidency.
Suspended human rights, habeas corpus, right of defence, prisoners' rights: I know what I am talking about.
We must decide on the admissibility of Amendments 159, 119, 116, 125 and 126.1, in order to ensure that the final text adopted by Parliament corresponds with the legal base.
I now turn to the climate crisis and I hardly need to ask green politicians to evaluate the policy in this area.
Tough sanctions against departing dictators at a time of crisis look good to European public opinion, but tough standards before a time of crisis look even better for the people we say we are trying to help.
These resources need to be found from other sources and, above all, need to be associated with other European initiatives, so that we project a strong image and make a strong effort in favour of the unemployed in Europe.
We have a strategy, and, as Mr Turmes has said, in view of this we must implement it, implement it and once again implement it, defending ourselves against various particular interests.
I would like to express support for the appeal to increase the Community budget in view of the new responsibilities facing Parliament following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I have two questions.
In addition, inadequate monitoring and inspection mean that in many countries a grey market is in operation, in which equipment collected is dismantled at sites other than treatment facilities.
in writing. - The Conservative Delegation fundamentally opposes the EU involvement in defence which this report aims significantly to extend.
But they must not be mere paper tigers: we have a shared responsibility to ensure they have the tools they need to do their jobs.
Thirdly, we must ensure - and in this regard I would contradict some of my fellow Members - that we do not distribute the funds according to the principle that 'everyone should get a bit'.
(The President cut off the speaker)
In my opinion, Parliament has already taken a stand in this question.
I would like to say something more about this.
In response to these challenges I want to begin by saying, as I have said many times in other places, that the European Union is in Afghanistan for the long term.
Mr President, the only problem we have is that it would be good to know in advance who will take the floor.
We will then also be able to support this directive and we will be able to have a swift solution for all of Europe's patients.
So, to conclude, the European Union - the people, regions and countries of the Union - is standing shoulder to shoulder with Chile in the face of this disaster, and that is how it should be in a civilised and human world.
Those principles included emphasising how important it is to exclude social services and health services.
in writing. - The Commission's proposal for a Small Business Act is part of a communication containing legislative proposals, guiding principles and measures to be implemented to help SMEs in Europe.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law(debate)
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Madam President, we are discussing the report on energy labelling, which is of the utmost importance for several reasons.
I will therefore end by asking my fellow Members to support my report.
The Council proposed reducing the number of hours when using opt-out from 78 to 60 or 65, but Mr Cercas rejected that.
In conclusion, I therefore ask the honourable Members to give their consent to the conclusion of the banana agreement, and also to vote tomorrow for the proposal to repeal the regulation establishing banana duties.
However, we must remain firm on this principle.
The Socialist Group in the Parliament has however, together with the ETUC, reached a compromise which improves the Commission's proposal substantially.
Wonderful people smiling and you wondered why they were able to smile.
The promotion of human rights, democracy and sustainable development therefore need to become a real strategic priority within the European Union's foreign policy, and within development programmes for the Mediterranean and beyond.
These two latter points will be the subject of an amending budget later.
Second, we need to equip people with the right skills for the jobs on the market today and in the future.
In view of this change, I welcome the corresponding new Parliamentary responsibility to monitor the conduct of negotiations more closely.
Mrs Malmström has declared many times that Europe is allegedly dependent on immigration from North Africa.
Since our belief is that too much international trade leads to over-exploitation and depletion of fish stocks as countries seek to increase their exports, there was a good basis for common ground.
I feel there is a very high level of agreement in this House about what is important in the European position and which issues we must concentrate on ahead of the G20.
Thirty per cent of international monetary reserves are denominated in euro.
We fully support Iraq remaining a unified and sovereign state.
If we consider the consequences of global warming, it is obvious that the developing world is paying the price for environmental damage caused by the richer nations.
We are in favour of the law being applied and human rights being respected at all times, and in this declaration, the United States of course agreed.
I fully support the intended visa waiver agreement as a measure to enable Russian citizens to travel to the EU with minimum formalities, but I would expect the Russian side to apply the same stance to citizens of the European Union.
It is therefore important for operators handling by-products to be subject to approval.
In addition, this sector is governed by a large number of complex regulations (relating to safety and the environment, for example) and therefore competition law must be based on the specific features of this market.
I would like the 'blue' group - President Yanukovych, Prime Minister Azarov, the Party of the Regions - to hear from this House that they are responsible for protecting the great heritage of Independence Square, the great heritage of what several million people demanded in Independence Square several years ago.
It is a pity that in the case of genetically modified organisms the matter is not so obvious to everybody.
As I said at the beginning, I believe Afghanistan is important for all of us and for our citizens, and that the European Union must rightly remain a key player.
You will address our Parliament and our citizens in a few minutes.
The European Investment Bank is doing whatever it can.
Let us not waste this opportunity!
However, our duty as politicians is to protect patients from incorrect and misleading information.
Thank you for your indulgence, Mr President.
We both have difficult elections behind us.
It is essential for the European Union to provide help.
In future, our monitoring satellites will provide valuable support, both in the environmental sector and in the opening up of new shipping routes, such as the Northeast Passage.
Someone spoke of Guantánamo.
For this reason, the European Council decided last week to extend the measures imposed under the terms of Article 96 of the Cotonou Agreement by another six months.
It is not that protectionism is increasing, but rather that it is a case of not removing rights that already exist in some of the Member States.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
The report also pays insufficient attention to the danger of proliferation by terrorists and rogue states, as opposed to retention or replacement of weapons by the existing five NWS.
The changes which have taken place in the United States have largely been very well received in Europe.
This report has the slight merit of calling for all Member States to be represented among the European diplomatic staff at the beck and call of Baroness Ashton and the Commission.
I look forward to this relationship continuing and my constituency benefiting from it.
This directive is more concerned with the market system, with choice, and with people's ability to choose where to go, and to have money follow them.
No aspect of the EU's security can be neglected.
This is what the dispute is about and it has only just begun.
Will it include it in the new proposal?
Further, any deal needs a waiver from the World Trade Organisation, which they haven't approved as some member countries (notably India) are worried about the effect that duty-free Pakistani textiles would have on their own markets.
Each of them is going through their own tragedy. What is even more shocking is that this situation can happen again at any time without them feeling any kind of protection.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the few of you who are still here, visitors to the European Parliament, in conclusion, I would like to make some brief remarks on the subject of misleading directory companies.
As you know, I have not always been one of your biggest supporters, but I have to concede you have done very well.
Thanks to the open market, but also thanks to structural funding - to the redistribution of prosperity - the standard of living in the Central and Eastern European Member States is rising, and older Member States are benefiting from this.
As a result of their sacrifice, universities have gained their freedom too, which they have enjoyed ever since.
(SV) I have a short question to ask the Commissioner.
I fully endorse the assessment that our support for the countries in North Africa, particularly for Tunisia and Egypt, must be provided in two stages.
Madam President, thank you for the report.
However, we take the view that nothing must be done to impair the operational effectiveness and security of our armed forces.
I would like to make some points relating to external trade in particular, as I am the coordinator for my group in this area.
One of these is the proposal for a uniform EU foreign policy.
Everything must be done to put this right, to promote the unity of families in familiar cultural and social environments.
That is particularly true, as a number of honourable Members have said, in Kosovo, where I have met the government.
Thank you very much.
Under the leadership of Mr Erdogan and President Gül, Turkey is becoming increasingly more Islamist in nature.
As usual, the June List observes that, in this situation, it is fortunate that the European Parliament does not have powers of codecision in respect of the EU's agricultural policy.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin with the statement by Mr Ashworth, which played off a smarter European budget against a higher budget.
I am convinced that the people of Belarus deserve a democratic state where human rights are respected, where fair elections take place, and where freedom of speech prevails.
The tool to achieve this goal is the third internal energy market package for gas and electricity.
It is significant that the rapporteur himself has already predicted the inevitable redundancies throughout Europe, but we also know that trade unions and rural organisations in the Republic of Korea are against this agreement.
Regarding Eurobonds, this is not a new idea.
It is not possible to respond to the new obligations resulting from the Treaties with a budget that is essentially frozen.
A special EU fund would guarantee arbitrariness, inefficiency, bureaucracy and unjustified expenditure.
Greece is not begging.
We need to find urgent solutions to get aid in and to reduce the level of suffering of the people.
What is more, these inadequate limits are not fully used for this purpose, or even observed, and they are certainly not fully implemented.
I would like to give a very relevant example.
Composition of Parliament
I hope that this Parliament will continue to treat these Commission proposals as a priority, so that they can be fully implemented by the middle of next year.
Improving the quality of our ambient air remains a major challenge to be addressed.
Key objectives for the Conference of the Parties to the CITES (debate)
Mr President, we are talking about the situation in Belarus, but let us not pass the buck.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - Madam President, on behalf of the PPE Group, I urge the European Parliament to give the green light to this very important agreement.
To conclude the debate, I have received one motion for a resolutionpursuant to Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure.
Second, publishers from EU Member States - apart from the United Kingdom - will now no longer participate in a major transformation of the book market.
(PL) I would like to thank you very much for allowing me to ask a question.
For this reason, it is essential for public tenders to focus on giving small and medium-sized enterprises the opportunity to be awarded public contracts.
The Commission, in my view, acted rather hastily in this case, and this quickly gave rise to the proposal to suspend the GSP+.
I agree that the decision of the Member States to place the European Heritage Label within the framework of the EU will not only help increase its visibility, prestige and credibility, but will contribute to achieving long-sought ideals of cohesion and solidarity among European citizens.
Its sources of supply in Azerbaijan risk being seized by its rival, which makes it a precarious and dubious investment.
We look to the Commission to keep a beady eye on the progress that is being made.
It is truly crucial to promote sustainable growth that is reflected in the well-being of the current population and economy, and also in solidarity towards future generations.
To put it simply, we have the same person performing the task of Javier Solana and Benita Ferrero-Waldner.
The Agreement's objective is to give all EU air carriers non-discriminatory access to routes between the European Union and Vietnam.
If we wish to achieve this objective, however, we must ensure that the financial resources provided are not spent on social benefits or consumption.
Efforts are also being made in the field of judicial cooperation The EU is providing EUR 17.5 million to fund a technical assistance project for the modernisation of the judiciary.
It is very good that we do talk about them.
As cosignatory of this question, I emphasise that lowering the quality of production - which is the outcome of centuries of tradition and research, huge investments, passion and attention to detail - is not the answer we need, particularly at this time of economic crisis, when the average consumer is certainly paying more attention to price than to what is written on the label.
President Obama and his administration have rightly made this known, and we need to be able to honestly criticise each other like that.
Similarly, we might consider that the strategy that all us Europeans expected after the fall of the Berlin Wall, which was to say 'social democracy will come about through trade', is not working, as we can see with the example of China.
It goes without saying that the banks cannot be allowed to lead Parliament on a merry dance any longer.
(PT) Mr President, the current watchword in Brussels is austerity, austerity, austerity.
I hope that now the European External Action Service will apply the Charter of Fundamental Rights, in compliance with the spirit and purpose of the Treaty of Lisbon, so that the Community method will be given priority in development policy and in how the EU's foreign aid is apportioned, and that the Member States, (and more precisely, certain foreign ministries of certain Member-States) take to heart the creation of this new entity, as well as the new competencies and attributes that have been given to its High Representative, as a result of the entry into effect of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I have done more press, I think, than anybody else in the world on all of this.
What Google has done, taking on intellectual property and reproducing it for private usage, was clearly illegal at the outset, according to the conclusions drawn by the US Department of Justice itself.
That is already a first victory; in any event, it represents a real break from the culture of secrecy that has characterised this sector for more than forty years now.
There is clearly a need to have a close partnership with non-EU countries in the Mediterranean based on respect for human rights and the rule of law.
I am particularly pleased to see the emphasis placed on the need to introduce specific actions and programmes to promote an effective European judicial culture, based on the supply of training measures, to be held under Erasmus schemes for judges and all legal operators.
That in turn would contribute to a reduction in prejudice, a limiting of stereotypes and a growth of the hope that never again will we in Europe experience totalitarianism.
With the expiry of the Coal Regulation on 31 December 2010, some countries would be obliged to close their hard coal mines.
Protecting our coasts is an important issue which is also covered by integrated maritime policy.
Once again, the summit dealt with the point that parent banks are responsible for their subsidiaries, as my colleague Adrian Severin has also emphasised, and a very important step forward has also been taken with regard to energy security.
The second building block is to go beyond budgetary surveillance to broaden and deepen surveillance, to address macro-economic imbalances.
But I do have to say that I was staggered by the sheer arrogance of aspects of this report and the calculated insult to those who dare not to roll over in sycophantic endorsement of the European project.
This agency, which is based in Vigo, Spain, plays an important role in strengthening fisheries control and ensuring coordination between EU Member States.
It is therefore very important - and in this regard I fully back what Mr Brok and other Members have said - that we encourage Serbia to continue to take such steps.
It is about saying that we need to move forward.
There will be many new Members.
Moreover, we will fight to take European economic policy in a different direction and, at the same time, to strengthen the Community method and the EU's instruments and resources.
It will be correct if the European Parliament adopts amendments to the proposal of the Commission intended to apply additional measures for transparency and accountability of reports in the European Union.
(ES) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I would like to thank the Commissioner for her words of solidarity.
Finally, I should like to tell you what has struck me at the end of the debate.
However, although we are on this common road of reconciliation, we are, today, in a different place.
In the particular cases of Mr Khodorkovsky and Mr Magnitsky, rather than waiting for a ruling from Strasbourg, the judicial arbitrariness should be brought to an end.
We ought to pay most attention to one of society's most severe problems, growing youth unemployment.
In particular, I support the European Parliament's provision that energy networks, even those of a commercial nature, should be governed by transparent intergovernmental agreements which do not affect the interests of the Member States.
He would also like to point out that the Commission is required to monitor whether the new Construction Products Regulation leads to adequate harmonisation in all areas and does not result in further safety problems and unfair competition.
The development of European exchanges (Erasmus, Leonardo da Vinci) will also be beneficial for young people, since these programmes offer real added value on a professional and personal level.
- (ES) Mr President, President Obama's election has ushered in a historic time for the United States, the special importance of which is widely felt and shared in Europe.
Lastly, the second thing we are asking the Commission - and we would appreciate a reply on this, too - concerns a point that is critical for us, namely the fact that a Community list of articles containing asbestos for which an exemption applies has not yet been adopted, and so we are of course asking for this as soon as possible, by 2012, to enable better control and a better understanding.
In particular, fast start funding is going to be very important.
Let me give you a few figures.
That is why the Commission will be devoting special efforts over the coming weeks to working with all our partners, and I would very much welcome the full participation of Members of the European Parliament and of this Parliament as an institution.
In view of this, I voted against Parliament's resolution as I believe that the targets it sets out are not ambitious enough.
I can confirm for you that it will be based on legislation.
I voted for the European Parliament resolution on the mobilisation of the EGF for granting aid to the redundant workers.
I hope that the 10th anniversary of UN Security Council resolution 1325 will mark the beginning of a reinvigorated agenda for implementing its commitments on women, peace and security.
The values of democracy and human rights form an integral part of the values of the European Union, in theory.
Defining a European approach to the management of legal immigration means organising it with obvious attention to the needs and hosting capacities of each Member State.
(RO) Mr President, I would like to stress how important it is to draft clear competition rules which are helpful and useful to SMEs.
Unexpectedly, they have listened to this institution, something which I hope will be repeated in the future.
All Member States will receive more time to spend 2007-committed funds for projects which have not been approved or implemented within the deadlines.
This is an outcome of great significance because the fate of European democracy lies at its heart, since there can be no genuine international democracy until European political parties take on an effective role in the democratic process.
I cannot imagine what India's next steps will be and what I have heard so far has not, I must admit, been very pleasing.
I sincerely hope that the development and putting into practice of the systems, applications and solutions specified in the report goes as planned, and that, already in the next few years, the various solutions will find an application, which will make companies' and citizens' lives easier and enhance safety at sea, in the air and on the roads.
(DE) Thank you, Mr President, that was very kind. Commissioner Šemeta, the adoption of the reports on the budgetary management of the European bodies and institutions is one of our most important obligations as representatives of the European people - it is our sovereign duty.
The European Union and Gulf Cooperation Council have been negotiating a free trade agreement for some 20 years.
A number of Member States are currently reviewing their legislation on gambling to ensure it is compliant with the EU Treaties.
Second, the European Union's evaluation of the human rights situation must be based solely on experience and defined criteria.
It is, therefore, of the greatest importance to tackle this problem.
But of course we need to focus on this issue and, again, for us it is among the priorities, so we need to move this discussion ahead.
I offered concrete support, initially in the areas of electoral support; governance and transition to democracy; support for civil society and NGOs; support for the rule of law and judicial reform; economic governance and the fight against corruption; economic and social development (including support to impoverished areas in the centre and south of Tunisia).
This means there are nursery school places for barely 40% of these children, while there are 352 crèches in Poland, which are used by only 2% of children under three.
Then comes the subject of transport.
Are we talking a year, 18 months?
Assistance is available, but we have to decide - and I say this quite frankly to the Commissioner - whether it should be coordinated at European level or otherwise, as certain larger states seem to be proposing.
However, rising unemployment is not a reason for us to start violating the basic principles of the common market.
The Fifth World Water Forum might provide a good opportunity to react to the Sudanese President's behaviour, as we mentioned yesterday in this Chamber.
The European Union's policy objectives require a series of actions which cannot be ignored.
I supported this agreement and the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, which will allow factual and objective information to be collected from Croatia at European level concerning drugs and drug addiction and their consequences, and will enable the Republic of Croatia to gain information on best practices to understand the nature of its drug problems and improve its response to them.
* * *
Allow me to give you a brief progress report on these negotiations.
We are encouraged by the commitment shown by MEPs and by the fact that your analyses and recommendations coincide very closely with ours.
The end of a dispute - commercial in this case - is not, in itself, a reason to rejoice.
I would like to thank him most sincerely for his work, which in many respects has been excellent, both as Vice-President and as a member of our committee.
Yet to achieve bigger and better results in the future, we need to simplify the administrative process, improve the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises, support innovation and adopt risk-sharing finance facilities.
With respect to development, I would stress - as Mrs Berès does in her report - that it is important for Member States to honour their 2005 commitments in terms of official development assistance (ODA).
That is a top priority.
First, on the question of legislation and the role of the Commission.
Moving on to my final point, for the time being - when talking about Ukraine and Russia - our group is highly sceptical as regards opening the doors quickly, because we have just seen in the case of Serbia that there will also be negative effects.
Mr President, Mr Svoboda, honourable Members, the Commission cannot fail to be delighted with the compromise reached on the road package, since it enables us to conclude the legislative procedure at a time when the transport industry needs to have simple and effective rules and be set free from pointless red tape.
No one will be completely happy, but everyone will be prepared to improve the approach that has been taken even further.
This is completely unacceptable.
in writing. - (RO) I voted for Mr Marinescu's report because, in my view, a lack of funding for decommissioning measures will delay the process of providing financial assistance to the three Member States in question: Lithuania, Slovakia and Bulgaria.
We therefore regret the fact that the Commission is persisting in its view.
I did not want to interrupt you out of politeness and because you were making some valid points.
During this preliminary phase, moreover, the Commission should concentrate on removing the barriers hindering European small and medium-sized enterprises.
I voted for this report and concur with the rapporteur, who mentions in a clear and well-argued manner not only the need for intergenerational solidarity, but also the major differences between national pension systems in Europe.
Concerning the independence of the authorities, both the Commission and the Presidency have reaffirmed respect for the provisions of independence of the authorities, their chairs, executives and board members.
The Treaty of Lisbon has, therefore, turned out to be a legal monster, which has been noticed not only by the Germans, but also by the Irish in a referendum and by the Presidents of the Czech Republic and Poland.
Do you agree that a European directive can only lay down requirements that the Member States would then have to transpose into national law?
My second point is that if one reads the Treaty of Lisbon, a document on which you all worked, then it is evident that the decision on the energy mix was and remains a matter for the Member States, in other words the countries where you live.
The third reason is a new context, featuring global challenges such as the economic crisis and climate change, and no longer only military challenges, as used to be the case.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution - Amendment 3 - (Article 157(4) of the Rules of Procedure) to replace non-legislative motion for a resolution on the role of minimum income in combating poverty and promoting an inclusive society in Europe.
The basis for this is the mutual recognition of qualifications and courses of education and training.
Obviously this question of implementation will remain on the political agenda of both the EU and the G20.
In this respect, the proposals from the ERDF review effectively combine the measures for combating the effects of the economic crisis (by creating new jobs, increasing investment, and so on) with measures for protecting the environment (through thermal insulation in residential buildings and investments in renewable energy).
Unscrupulous employers take advantage of illegal immigrants to fill poorly paid, unskilled jobs that no one else wants to take on.
We hope that before long, we will know more about aspects of food safety due to scientific research and progress.
Giving these studies a stronger practical purpose and including interactive teaching would result in a deeper understanding of national and European cultural values.
Of course there was, and is, a winner: Russia.
We must make use of this opportunity.
Parliamentary immunity: see Minutes
in writing. - (LT) Cohesion policy is a guarantee for improving our socio-economic environment, which helps reduce disparities between the levels of development of the regions, and facilitates the pursuit of modernisation and sustainable growth.
You have the full support of the Council, of this Presidency and of all those who stand up for what they believe in and defend the principles of justice, equality and solidarity.
Of course, the European Union cannot make decisions in place of the governments of the ACP countries.
That would be untrue because you cannot develop a project that could be used in more or less every place.
In that time, it has become common practice to transplant a useful organ from a person who no longer needs it to another who needs it in order to live.
I should like to make a couple of brief remarks.
At international level, the Italian Parliament is today ratifying the agreement with Libya, Article 19 of which expressly states that a more effective control system on Libya's land frontiers should be established to prevent illegal immigration.
I appeal to the European Commission to ensure that the package of measures to protect victims, which is planned for 2011, also protects victims of organised crime and victims injured in the course of duty on a European level.
I am an advocate of electricity generated by nuclear power plants and I do not believe that Europe will be able to achieve the specified targets for clean energy without building nuclear power plants.
Written statements (Rule 142)
It assigns obligations and sets out methods of cooperation, based on mutual trust in the systems of the other party, and on a comparison of regulatory differences.
For the European Union it is also an excellent opportunity to develop privileged relations with a country that plays a leading role in Latin American forums such as the Rio Group, in which it holds the presidency until 2010.
An outright ban on the use of cyanide in mining would mean that the gold mines in Europe, including Sweden, would have to close.
The third aspect is this blue card procedure.
This means that the measures that we put in place together in Europe in order to combat this crisis overall are absolutely the most important thing.
To date, the four fundamental problems of nuclear energy - high costs, safety, waste and the risk of proliferation - that already led to its failure in the 1980s have yet to be satisfactorily solved.
They are also excluded from grants and any type of assistance for higher education, including professional training.
This resolution calls on the Commission to bridge, by 2009, a legislative gap on the prohibition of second-hand products containing asbestos; roof pieces, aeroplane parts and whatever else should be disposed of once and for all.
One of the ways in which we can make improvements is to raise the level of consistency among the various instruments and policies, particularly in relation to the Europe 2020 strategy, so as to achieve a better synergy between the various funds, and thus to enable us to have a more results-oriented regional development policy.
In the most recent progress report, extending to one hundred and eighty pages, this problem is mentioned only on two of them.
The rapporteur is OK by this, and I hope the House will at least allow the oral amendment to be tabled.
Any self-respecting democrat must accept criticism of his or her political actions.
The content of the policy must focus on our common European challenges and transform partnership policy into a permanent tool for genuine cooperative discussions and for identifying solutions to joint problems.
(Applause)
These are people who are hit not just by the financial crisis, in the way we are, but by the fact that they do not even get the remittances - which were greater than the financial assistance we gave them - from their families living in the developed world because they, too, are suffering.
The credibility of the Commission is at stake.
This list of fundamental rights should be considered strictly demonstrative because the role of the European Union is to ensure that Member States respect the broadest possible range of fundamental rights, also with a view to Member States' membership in the Council of Europe and with a reference to its Convention.
It signals an important fresh consensus between those like the traditional British, who have favoured the intergovernmental Council of Europe approach, and federalists such as me who have favoured the supranational approach.
I have only one request.
Parliament therefore initially gave its verdict on the shape of the future European investment policy.
Time is running out.
The beneficiaries of EU funding which has been allocated illegally are only required to repay 10%.
We must also be careful not to label all Muslims as terrorists, because those who favour violence and extremism are in the minority.
Or, rather: how should this have been done and what should we, as the European Parliament, be doing today to ensure that such events do not happen again?
In tomorrow's world and in the multipolar world, we need much more than that.
This will help promote good cooperation between the Union and the Republic of Moldova in different areas such as the economy, science, culture and education.
A project like Desertec must not therefore be a way of using energy policy as a means to continue colonialism.
Though their extradition was requested over a year ago, and though they have been there for two months, they have not yet been indicted and their trial may yet be months away.
I quote: 'We need to build this way of life further.
Current legislation, as has already been pointed out, is said to be too vague due to the term 'temporary' that has been used.
(FR) Mr President, excuse me, but you have not given the floor to the opposing side.
There were a number of amendments which directly or indirectly made a reference to abortion.
In my opinion, the Swedish Presidency did not seem to have the facility to have any meaningful negotiations on the matter.
Finally, I would also like to openly condemn the sentence imposed on the young opposition activist simply for having taken part in the demonstrations on 19 September 2010.
(FR) Mr President, this is probably the most serious crisis that has ever confronted Europe, which is why urgent action is needed; we have to take decisions, and good decisions at that, and we cannot wait until October.
Romania has experienced an unprecedented economic crisis this year, which has also been exacerbated by the serious political instability triggered by the Socialists, who wanted to leave the government for electoral purposes due to the forthcoming presidential elections.
People are entitled to their own private views, but at an institutional and legal level, we cannot compromise on the principle that we are all equal.
Not everyone will be happy at the beginning, but that is a precondition for moving Europe out of this terrible economic crisis.
Firstly, new drilling activity.
The same thing has been done to others in that area.
The European Union had counted on growth in world demand.
Mr Rübig asked what we can do in the present situation.
The whole world is now waiting for the Commission to issue its proposal on the much-needed revision of the system.
In December, we had the chance to meet the Iraqi bishops who were visiting the European Parliament.
I am convinced that India can fulfil European conditions concerning personal data, although the EU is amending them at the moment and will probably change them as technology develops.
For the longer term, I think we have to tailor the Social Fund in a way that can be more effective in specific situations and in counterbalancing the impact of uneven economic development inside the Union, which has already manifested itself in terms of demography as well, triggering migration flows that may not have been sufficiently appreciated in the previous period.
It is my pleasure to welcome into our midst the High Representative, Mr Solana, and to ask him to address us.
A new architecture is being born, almost a kind of economic Schengen.
That is why we need an outright rejection of Article 47 because nothing else will do.
There will not be much time for discussion but in my opinion we need to know what the US wants, what we want and to reach an agreement.
However, it should equally apply to chlorinated chicken imported from the United States and to bovine growth hormones in milk.
Verification of credentials: see Minutes
There is no need for new supplementary binding targets.
It is no coincidence that the greatest breaches of human rights are in countries where there are great natural resources and in particular in China, which drives this pressure for natural resources.
The frequent claims made in public that Europe is closing itself off in the agricultural markets are quite wrong.
On this point, the directive has the potential to help us all across Europe to get out of the economic crisis and create prosperity.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
Parliament is calling on the Commission to finally take up the issue and to work on an implementation project.
Essential help is reaching financial institutions.
(SV) Madam President, the world is currently facing three major crises: the financial crisis, the employment crisis and the climate crisis.
This, too, is Schengen.
The way to achieve these objectives is full support, effective implementation and sufficient respect for existing laws and instruments relating to the protection of human rights and civic freedoms.
Now, in theory, they are covered by the directive, but the failure to apply it means that this does not happen in practice.
I will now give the floor to Commissioner Füle.
That is why I hope that when people are chosen for various positions in the service, the whole of Europe might be fairly represented and that the European national parliaments can also have a role to play in it.
I also share the opinion of the author that justifying these delays by citing a lack of human resources is not acceptable.
As explained in its communication of 17 March 2008, the Commission's prime concern for the implementation of Directive 2002/14/EC is that it should be comprehensive and effective in collaboration with the Member States and the two sides of industry, which have an extremely important role to play, as you know.
In other words, it contradicts the slogan that you have used for the Spanish Presidency: 'Innovating Europe'.
I now ask both sides to go the last few centimetres to reach an agreement with the other.
Based on the results, with a view to 2013, it may be presumed that several investment projects will be almost complete, and new decommissioning and management structures will be already available to us.
Moreover, we must ensure that parents are able to decide that the cord blood should not simply be thrown away, as it may possibly be valuable in future for other children, or even for their own child.
It is vital to inform the individual Member States and business organisations of the importance of using this instrument, just as it is crucial - and I have already emphasised this in my speech - to put pressure on the Member States to maintain strict vigilance, both at the borders and within the market, in order to stamp out, or at least to try to curtail, the problem of counterfeiting and the unlawful use of the CE mark, for the sake of protecting our products and ensuring compliance with EU laws, which, above all, defend the interests of consumers.
In order to achieve its ambitious climate objectives, the EU needs new innovative technologies.
After all, Ben Ali and his party were still members of the Socialist Internationale until a few weeks ago.
Sanctions were previously available; they simply lacked credibility.
The question arises: what sense is there in creating and vesting with power the European External Action Service, which still has not commenced operations?
It will transform Portugal into a mere protectorate of the great powers of the EU.
At a local level - often the front line in the battle against unsafe toys - budget cuts will impact on the effectiveness of trading standards.
The citizens of the Republic of Moldova are still looking in great hope to our decisions, to our responses. It is their only way out of this tragic situation, almost unprecedented in Europe, which they have had to live through.
Subject: Reallocation of financial resources in the regional and cohesion funds
This must fill every decent citizen of the European Union with horror.
In the specific case of Croatia, Croatia has marked on its maps a border which is in dispute.
(PT) Thank you for your clarifications, Commissioner.
Territorial cohesion is enormously important.
We are currently developing a shared vision of the future of the economy and the labour market in Europe.
However, ECAs are public instruments that are used a great deal by the EU to contribute to the financing of its international objectives, particularly with regard to climate change and the alleviation of poverty.
When we take the Electromagnetic Fields Directive through the whole procedure with the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, we must ensure, and I hope Member States agree, that state-of-the-art MRI scanners can be used.
This new basic treaty should include the genuine separation of powers, a truly independent court of justice for matters relating to subsidiarity, total transparency and economy and, most importantly, binding referendums.
The Spanish Presidency to begin in 2010 will guide the transition from Nice to Lisbon and will continue the strategy of promoting employment by stimulating and promoting European economies, as well as addressing other major challenges such as financial regulation and climate change.
You pointed out and stressed - and I totally agree with you - that victim protection is essential if we are to fight trade and trafficking in human beings and also that consent by a defenceless victim or child to exploitation is absolutely irrelevant; it has to be irrelevant when it comes to punishing this exploitative behaviour.
I think he is right about that.
We must start work on this review.
As with every political measure in the area of safety, the support and cooperation of the citizens is indispensable.
If competition is operating properly in the market for goods and services, we can guarantee better quality, lower prices and greater choice for the consumer.
Species conservation - especially faced with the known conditions of slaughter - demands decisive measures without compromise.
Italy fully supports the European aspirations of this country, since it believes that the accession of Montenegro and the Western Balkans meets a basic interest of the EU in that it promotes stability, regional cooperation and development in a crucial geographical area for our continent.
It also clearly gives the lie to the very heavily sugar-coated status report of the Ahtisaari Commission.
While this help is certainly important, the EU is currently lacking the capacity for local help and rapid help.
Subject: EU policy in Burma
Governments which respect human rights, freedom of speech and the media will only return to power in North Africa if we take an active and determined approach to events in these countries.
It is important to prevent and to inform those working in hospitals about the risks they run.
Council cannot amend it.
This measure is all well and good as far as terrorism is concerned, as this terrorism must be fought - that is beyond dispute - but the lawlessness with which terrorists operate must not be allowed to creep into the way we fight terrorism.
I also hope that the President-in-Office will succeed in persuading the Council that we can set to work in a positive spirit.
What has changed?
The UK should not stand back to the wall while others take to the floor.
(The President cut off the speaker)
With the enlargement of the Schengen area to Bulgaria and Romania, we will prove that the idea of integration is alive and well, that Europe is heading forward, and that the countries which are knocking at its door have a clear future in the EU, including those of the Western Balkans.
But if we just look at the expenditure side, we will not succeed.
Yet I must share with you my preoccupation with recent developments.
We can see that again here today.
This is definitely the case, because the authors of this proposal are not intending to send men into the home so that it can be they who look after the children.
Documents received: see Minutes
The Member States should have the right to make their own choices in respect of methods and timetables for limiting emissions, mainly through increased efficiency.
Therefore the idea of systematically imposing penalties on such a large scale is unjustifiable, all the more so given that Internet access, in the name of one's right to information, is still a fundamental freedom.
However, we would appreciate it if there was more than simply a formal statement and the institutions cooperated to help rectify the particular example that I have just mentioned.
I believe in your desire and determination, which you have expressed to us on numerous occasions, to work towards genuine, suitable geographical representation for the new service so that you can be the High Representative of the whole EU.
I agree with the participation of Croatia in the EMCDDA's activities, given the fact that the country has become part of a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled, due to its strategic location, and I believe that the adoption of the European programme will lead to the improvement of health care and social peace, at both European and international level.
I also believe that we need to rethink our approach and come up with a new one which goes into greater depth and is far more fundamental.
Where EU institutions refuse to follow my recommendations, it is of fundamental importance that the Ombudsman can turn to Parliament to seek its support, and I am naturally very grateful that Parliament continues to do so, as evidenced by the Nedelcheva and Paliadeli reports.
Political dialogue with the Cuban institutions, with the authorities and with the whole of civil society, which naturally also extends to human rights.
However, we cannot impose the de minimis exemption as an absolute obligation, because some Member States acting under national rules have kept the authority to carry out certain controls of passengers.
The question of language is, of course, a sensitive one, but I believe we must have the courage to deal with this issue if we want to make more headway with cross-border trade.
15.
But the crucial issue will be the political will and ability to apply fines.
Former ministers have been charged with corruption.
I therefore voted against this report.
If we continue to destroy them at the current rate, we will ultimately destroy ourselves, because 70% of the world's oxygen is produced by marine flora.
Since then, the European Union has continually promoted these commitments, which have been based, since 2003, on the European security strategy.
We voted on the report, we did not take the final vote, so people may well wish to express themselves on the earlier votes.
However, we are constantly being fobbed off with words.
On a personal note - because I was a Member of this House for nearly 15 years - I am delighted that Parliament is exercising its control function, because this is a suitable incentive for encouraging the Commission to work more effectively.
As we know, this is a very difficult discussion, a discussion which may easily block all other talks about what the European Union budget should be like and what we have already learned from the current financial framework.
I would like to say how pleased I am to see Parliament conclude its first reading on the two long-term plans for anchovies and horse mackerel.
I only hope that we do not do the same thing in the case of electronic waste - the decision on which is also imminent here - because that would be even more astonishing.
Nevertheless, no one wants to change anything.
I endorsed the report because the added value of EU membership in multilateral organisations lies in the fields where it has exclusive or shared competences: economic and trade matters, environmental policy, development aid, and security and defence policy.
In addition to the requests to the Member States to carry out investigations, one of the practical contributions made by the Commission, following the European Parliament resolution of 2 February 2007, was to clarify the definition of 'state aircraft' and, when I was Commissioner for Transport, I presented a communication on civil and business aviation that clarified matters.
At the same time, we are also committed to the Doha Round because we believe that the conclusions of the Doha Round will open new doors for improved world trade and for improved situations in developing countries.
Equally, as an economy stagnates or even declines, so will the value of its currency, leading to an export boom and recovery of the economy, assuming, of course, its manufacturing and service industries have not been destroyed by globalisation.
- (FR) Mr President, I should like to draw the European Parliament's attention to the deterioration - if such a thing were still possible - of the human rights situation in Tunisia.
This is done because wages are so much cheaper in China that it is worth the huge energy consumption to freeze, ship, freeze and ship back the fish to Europe.
That is a key issue.
What is crucial is, of course, the matter of direct payments, as is the need to eliminate disparities between them in different countries.
There is a clear variation between Member States in terms of the quality and supply of their provision, rates of enrolment, approach to services, governance of services, and so on.
This report is therefore not intended to tackle the substance of the regulation and it does not comment on whether GSP+ beneficiaries do in fact continue to qualify for these trade preferences on the basis of good governance, sustainable development and ratification and implementation of UN conventions in the field of social, environmental and human rights.
Decisions concerning certain documents: see Minutes
As honourable Members have said, this is a country where over 70% of people were already living below the poverty line.
In this regard, I welcomed his constructive approach to the consequences of the financial crisis in Greece.
The manufacturer informed the Commission of the second sales prohibition with a view to initiating infringement proceedings against Germany, but the Commission claims that there was insufficient proof that the inhaler satisfied the essential requirements stipulated in the directive, and it concluded that there was no need for a new product safety review.
The Commission is under an obligation to protect European companies and their employees from unfair competition using the anti-dumping instruments permitted by the WTO.
author. - Mr President, at the beginning of this year, the European Union made a statement on freedom and media in Azerbaijan.
Instead, we should find a combination of the two, and in this sense, above all, the European vision must prevail, as the European method for which the Commission is guarantor, or prophet even.
Israel is, in effect, keeping one and a half million people in a form of prison camp, surrounded by walls, patrolled by armed guards.
We know to our cost that Russia sometimes follows its own rule book in international affairs.
All in all, I can, however, recommend discharge for the financial year 2008 for the area of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
What I am afraid of is that in these countries, such as Hungary, the governments will not provide the maximum support.
It is clear not only from these conventions but also from the report of the World Commission on the Social Dimension of Globalisation that it is necessary to change the narrow focus on markets into a wider interest in people, i.e. focus on the protection of workers' rights and the rule of labour law.
He collected evidence of the events surrounding these brutalities.
(NL) Mr President, I should like to pick out one aspect in this debate.
This directive may be in force for two decades; today, we are merely at the beginnings of a long and difficult decision-making process.
It is true, however, that we have to see whether the costs are justified or not, and we need to approach this on a very concrete basis.
Accession negotiations with Croatia can be completed rather quickly, provided that the necessary reforms continue to be pursued and implemented resolutely.
If that happens, which I hope it will, I think all the credit will have to go to the Commissioner and Doris Pack for their enlightened approach.
This was not an option.
The first one concerns strengthening the human aspect of the OSCE.
The Commission agrees with the draft report that processing of data for statistical purposes, including ethnicity, race or origin, could be used to identify indirect discrimination or unjustified law enforcement practices.
I think we should move in this direction, and I appeal to Mrs Ashton to do this.
I have two questions for the Commissioner.
Finally, Madam President, there seem to be a number of steps that we need to take.
On the contrary, I would like to say that Belgium made an excellent job of handling the trialogue between the Commission, the Council and Parliament.
One name that has been circulating in this respect is that of the regional mufti, Mr Zukorlić.
This is the most important challenge for the community of people who live together on this planet.
We had a core political objective, namely that with the harmonisation of the European arms industry and the liberalisation within the EU, tougher means of control with regard to the issue of exports outside the EU should at the same time be implemented.
Because I had no speaking time on the previous subject, I would like to ask a question about the topic of promoting democracy.
Mr President: I heard it directly in French and the word used was 'génocide', which means 'genocide', and that has a particular significance in international law.
I believe that Galileo must stay within its current budget.
Clearly, the provisions on animal experimentation must be amended, but European research must not, however, suffer negative consequences from this new legislation.
I fully agree with Mr Gallagher that the western stock should be dealt with as a single stock, and I believe that the fishing nations involved should have the right to cooperate in managing this important resource.
This Stabilisation and Association Agreement was signed back in 2008, but since then it has only been ratified by 12 Member States, including Italy.
At the same time, however, the Commission has acknowledged that these agreements alone may not suffice to address the problem and other possibilities therefore need to be investigated.
First, I would like to assure the House that the Commission monitors the quantity of tomatoes imported from Morocco closely, attentively, using a cross-checking system based on designation of quantities imported by Moroccan operators and daily import records kept by national customs authorities.
Its growing economy provides opportunities for EU companies.
The Council should demonstrate transparency by publishing its debates from now on before the Lisbon Treaty obliges it to do so.
They do not operate in a legal vacuum.
Its first is that it aims to be informative: it records the alarming facts of the growth of illegal immigration in Europe, immigration estimated, according to the Commission's own figures, at between 4.5 and 8 million people.
In fact, research and technological development are the keystone of this sector: they will allow for the safe use of nuclear power, which is capable of meeting the energy needs of the food, medical, industrial, agricultural, research and education sectors.
The Commission supports this agreement.
What steps are being taken to protect the people of Europe in the event of a new accident?
Today we remember the priceless legacy of a man, who, together with Robert Schuman, one of the architects of the reconciliation between Germany and France, took the first step towards establishing a community with a common destiny based on peace, understanding, democracy and cooperation among the people of Europe.
We need to safeguard the major achievements of the last 65 years, culminating in the single currency, by being more disciplined with ourselves.
This is exactly the type of situation in which the European Union shows its values and the reasons why it stands out from the crowd.
in writing. - In favour.
(DE) Mr President, my apologies but, throughout the course of the day, I have listened to a right-wing Hungarian extremist speak about Hungary under every item.
We are fully aware of this.
At the same time, I see that more and more politicians and more and more countries, even in this House, are using, manipulating and exploiting this fear and this anxiety and do not have any proposals.
This has made a major contribution to the present crisis.
At this current time, in this present crisis, anything that sends a positive signal about two units as big as Korea and as big as the European Union that we want to keep trade moving and we want to keep trade open has to be a good thing.
Firstly, may I bring to mind the fact that we cannot support amendments tabled by a group that has sought to distance itself from the resolution as a whole, and that our commitment to all the political groups who have signed the resolution would not allow us to support a partial amendment of the document.
We do not want this kind of treaty; we want a treaty of disarmament rather than armament.
This insurance fund is something that I have already requested on other similar occasions.
You have an important task ahead of you.
As well as working on implementing millennium development goals on food security and helping the poorest countries adapt to climate change, we need to work closely on coordinating our efforts in the recipient countries so as to maximise the effectiveness and impact of our aid and avoid duplication of effort.
It should place citizens at the centre of our work.
The problem with the method is that we are making use of an artifice, for which we thank Mrs Fraga, which is that of the oral question, to talk about something that should really, after the Treaty of Lisbon, be a Parliamentary right.
(FI) Mr President, I voted in favour of this budget and it is, of course, clear that if we in Parliament have budgetary power, we should exercise it.
Mr President, the Union has a duty to provide dignified reception conditions to people fleeing war and persecution and to offer them international protection systems that are in keeping with its values.
It was finally issued by the Spanish Presidency, which has demonstrated exceptional tact and perseverance.
This is all the more distressing because it has happened at a time of food, fuel and economic crisis.
On 14 November 2007, Parliament itself unanimously adopted a resolution on the regional impact of earthquakes, concerning prevention and the management of the damage caused by tragic events of this kind.
In addition, the Union must ensure a level playing field between locally produced and third country products.
Could you explain to me how you cannot see anything wrong with that?
I would like to stress that, in my view, the biggest challenge facing the European Union is actually the sense of solidarity between Europeans from the old countries and new countries, in other words, the solidarity between Europeans from East and West.
However, I think that better communication and cooperation are required between the countries which have emerged from the crisis using proactive, incentive measures, rather than by raising taxes, and those facing major problems, which are in the process, out of desperation, of raising taxes and duties, thereby running the risk of sinking even deeper into crisis.
She told me: 'Do not talk to me about online gambling, I have lost EUR 100 000'.
We are seeing this right now as everything is going pear-shaped in this regard in countries such as Ireland, Spain, Italy and Greece.
In the proposal in the area of applicable law, only a few regional arrangements will in fact fall within its scope.
However, this report called for the naked politicisation of volunteering for EU purposes, and for the use of the British taxpayers' money to achieve this politicisation.
All of these things will mean something when we assume the responsibility in this House to legislate.
(Applause)
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we cannot but be concerned about the serious waste management crisis that Campania has been enduring for years now, especially when we consider the severe impact it is having on the local populations' quality of life.
We do not have the power to impose, but we have the power to promote.
The Commission recently reinforced its commitment through the renewed social agenda and a report linked to the Communication on decent work of 2006.
This amounts to an unprecedented disparity between citizens of the European Union.
I support the Italian proposal to write patents in the language of the country of the inventor and to provide an English translation as well.
It has a duty and the means to ensure this.
Reducing fuel consumption will be of great benefit to the consumer at a time of increasing austerity but it will also reduce CO2 emissions and contribute to the EU's ambitious goals in climate change reduction.
In the first half of 2009, almost 50% of Afghan asylum seekers received international protection in the European Union, compared with less than 30% in the last quarter of 2008.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to start by congratulating both the rapporteur, Mrs Vălean, and the rapporteur for the first regulation on roaming, Mr Rübig, on the excellent cooperation which we had in the Committee on Culture and Education, for which I acted as draftsman, on a matter which is naturally of interest to 150 million consumers and to the telecommunications industry.
20.
Europe needs to sustain growth and promote effective strategies within the internal market, which aim at increasing competitiveness, innovation and research.
The most serious aspect of all this is that the situation will be exacerbated if the aggressive programme of intervention drawn up by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Central Bank (ECB) and European Commission is implemented.
in writing. - (DE) Despite the fact that there has been progress in recent decades and years in combating violence against women and children, there is still more work to be done.
in writing. - The approval of the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing (the Agreement) is to be welcomed.
(CS) It was John Stuart Mill who said that parliament should be a mirror of national life.
Some actions will build on the result of the good work done so far.
That is why we have voted against.
There is one thing I would ask of my fellow Members from all of the groups in respect of the vote tomorrow: we should keep the resolution very general, as agreed in the original draft.
The Swedish International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), among others, has already published a paper, ominously entitled 'Ice-free Arctic', on China's Arctic policy.
We need to set this in motion immediately, especially in the run-up to the negotiations at the Copenhagen conference, which will be decisive for the future of our planet.
(The President briefly intervened on a procedural matter)
I note that the amount represents 2.7% of an estimated EUR 2.5 billion of total direct damage.
I can understand why a Minister, on receiving the information that the cucumbers are responsible, would issue a warning accordingly, but where is the detailed coordination?
I hold no particular brief for Silvio Berlusconi.
I hope that the agreement that has just been adopted proves advantageous to both parties.
We are also impugning other measures taken to promote the economic, social and territorial cohesion of the Union.
Mr President, I would like to thank you and all your staff for all your patience.
In this connection, it is worth taking a brief look at the position we are starting from.
It has to keep up with a dynamically developing world and changing expectations of the market with respect to new employees.
Above and beyond deforestation and the mining industry, they suffer from the false solutions proposed by industrialised countries.
If the European Union merely provides funds and does not work towards prevention of natural disasters, this may have graver consequences in the future.
The Heads of State or Government will approve the Presidency's conclusions, which are to be adopted at the General Affairs and External Relations Council on Monday.
Thus far, and it is 29 days since the accident, it has not been possible to stop the leak and, as Mr Sonik said, over 5 000 tonnes of oil a day are flowing into the sea in the Gulf.
Adopting the economic governance package will entail close coordination, fiscal discipline, economic supervision, effective decision-making rules, powerful European institutions, thereby underpinning the EU's resurgence.
Parliament's Committee on Industry, Research and Energy has always stressed the need to achieve a 10% interconnection between Member States, as stipulated by the European Council, and any provision that highlights shortcomings in this respect is very positive.
in writing. - I voted in favour because, though the EU strategy for youth is, by its nature, a wide-ranging and all-encompassing document, it is crucial to reassert that any new strategy must place education at the centre of its ambition and policy.
What I would like to see coming out of much of the concern about employment at the moment is a very coherent package as regards new industries and new investment.
This is why it is important for the EU to adopt a common, consolidated position during the 13th session of the UNHRC with regard to all the matters which will be discussed.
The EU should support the initiatives of young and talented people to promote particular political strategies.
The main priority must continue to be job retention and creation, which is closely linked to the need for financial support for small and medium-sized enterprises that create a large portion of jobs.
Union for the Mediterranean: resolution of the Turkey-Cyprus conflict.
It represents a very welcome input into the Prague conference.
The fourth question refers to the task force established by the European Council in March 2010 in order to improve economic governance in the Union.
We do not need a new post, such as the planned Special Representative for Human Rights, to force these countries to show more tolerance and to protect their minorities.
6. (
Economic immigration is a reality on which we must impose order, but it is also a necessity in view of the demographic and economic challenges which the EU will face in the near future.
In accordance with the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Member States which adopt decisions affecting disabled persons are required to closely consult with and actively involve persons with disabilities, through their representative organisations.
in writing. - The Environment Committee has made some important improvements to the Commission's proposal which, in its original form, would not have prevented all forms of advertising of prescription drugs directly to patients.
Ultimately, consumers have to be able to rely on labelling.
You know: you were the head of Mr Liikanen's cabinet.
The debate is closed.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
The cohesion policy has been important in creating a better balance between European regions, and is now seen as crucial for overcoming the current financial crisis that the EU is experiencing by strengthening competitiveness and local potential.
Mr Fox, I listened carefully to your concerns about security as regards exchanges of information, and we will keep an eye on this; we will come back to this point.
We did not think that events would prove us right so quickly.
It goes right across the entire European Union.
Such a country should be allowed to join the European Union, should it choose to, based on its own self-determination - which is why my previous colleagues should possibly reflect on this matter.
Of course, there are Members who like to come and conduct national politics in Parliament, as is the case with Mrs Ferreira.
Let us demonstrate political will and stick to our slogan: 'Keep Europe moving!'.
The war in Georgia in the summer of 2008 made it clear that, up to then, the European Union had not developed and implemented a sustainable conflict resolution policy for the Caucasus region.
The adoption of the new harmonised European Consumer Rights Directive is certainly one of the more important pillars for a better functioning internal market.
And the Commission, of course, will also repeat our European concerns on some critical issues such as securing trade, potential distortions of competition from State aid and procurement policy in the US.
The way I see it, this is an invitation to waste money.
It has also led to the human drama associated with the death of approximately 12 patients per day in the EU because they have not been able to receive the organ that they need in order to survive.
As a prerequisite for completing the negotiation process begun with Turkey in 2005, Turkey must fulfil all the Copenhagen criteria, and it must comply in all respects with EU integration capacity.
It is only right, too, that we spare a thought for all those workers who die each day at work because their employers do not provide them with the resources necessary to work in good conditions.
Nor are we talking about criminal law here.
Last week's communication already constitutes a significant contribution to the task force.
We are not asking them not to reduce their contributions.
The rules that Parliament is adopting do, I think, help to achieve this objective.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Madam President, the EU was also fully engaged throughout the run-up to the conference and actively contributed to the drafting of the outcome document, with a view to making it as balanced as possible and ensuring that it respected the existing human rights norms, notably with regard to the freedom of expression.
Is that gross average income or net average income?
The problem has already been pointed out by numerous MEPs, including my fellow Member from France: governments have attempted to introduce the element of 'three strikes and you're out' into the compromise through the back door, which actually has absolutely nothing to do with the Directive.
Mr Vlasák, who has always campaigned strongly on behalf of the cities, and the entire team also deserve my thanks.
It is unacceptable because tuberculosis is a preventable and curable disease that should not lead to such dramatic consequences.
It is a prime example of what not to do in internal and international policy.
This happened in a context where the vaccine manufacturer, despite its hefty profits, had the audacity to refuse to take responsibility for the vaccine's side effects.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the outcome of the Climate Change Conference in Cancún.
5.
My question is: Has the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled on similar cases and could these cases be cited in the context of this type of access restriction?
Written explanations of vote
We must make at least political and moral efforts to support the status of Taiwan, and also to provide it with international access to organisations which are not connected with statehood.
It also stresses that the instrument proposed at EU-level, which is the same for all contracts in the European Union, is also set out in very general terms.
Europe is ageing.
For this, we need new approaches and, therefore, you are on the right path.
That is an interesting question because it depends, of course, on where he is going to.
What is even more unacceptable is the praising of his murderer by fanatical groups.
This just leads to more questions:
I can assure him that the procedure which is used, and the type of cooperation which is proposed, is definitely not seen as a precedent by the Commission.
The review of the directive in line with Parliament's position will have considerable negative effects on competitiveness and economic development for several Member States, such as Portugal.
Here, I would like to pay tribute to Ms Wallis, our President for today, Mr Casini, our rapporteur, and also to Mr Leinen and Ms Durant.
Resumption of the session
Furthermore, are you likely to try to convince Mrs Merkel and Mr Sarkozy to join the majority of the euro states, or, when Mrs Merkel and Mr Sarkozy say 'we do not want that', will you say 'okay, because two parties say 'no', we will dispense with the idea'?
This is not the kind of democratic state governed by the rule of law of which we, the young generation of the end of the Communist regime, have been dreaming; rather, we feel that this is how soft dictatorships begin.
Your unwavering support in this issue could be of great importance!
Economic reforms have progressed, allowing for a steady growth of the Tunisian economy as well as of trade volume with the EU.
Vice-President of the Commission. - I am grateful for the first question because, indeed, when talking about broadband, it is not only about cable fibre, but also wireless, via satellite and so on.
exempted uses of ODS where no technically or economically viable alternatives are yet available, for example, methyl bromide for quarantine and pre-shipment purposes.
Parliament's report suggests, among other things, setting minimum and maximum penalties for each infringement against the social rules and stresses that Article 83 of the Treaty of Lisbon provides for the possibility of establishing minimum rules with regard to penalties, as the rapporteur said.
I voted in favour of this resolution on a European initiative on Alzheimer's disease and other dementias in which the basic approach is improved coordination between the Member States and a more effective and solidarity-based response geared to prevention and the treatment of people living with dementias, particularly Alzheimer's, as well as the people around them, whether they be healthcare professionals, service providers or relatives.
in writing. - I voted in favour of the Rangel report.
When I say 'actual', this means that it will eventually be necessary, one day, to raise the issue of derogations and emissions trading.
Next week, on the eve of the G20 meeting in Pittsburgh, the Commission will adopt proposals to build a true European system of supervision - a system that reflects the integrated nature of our single market.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Thank you for all your questions and comments on my speech.
I would also like to call attention to the fact that the Eighth Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development has energy security, the fight against climate change and the environment as its priorities.
I think that in this connection we should, however, maintain some kind of dialogue.
The aim should instead be to establish a privileged partnership.
I voted in favour of the Sârbu report because ensuring constant, yet also secure, food stocks is the main role that society assigns to agriculture.
It should not be my job to ask whether they are doing it for altruistic reasons or for their own benefit.
We need confidence to achieve this and the people of Europe need perspectives.
Vaccination against bluetongue (debate)
I have always believed that the European Union must help to promote serious reforms in the Mediterranean region, with the aim of making it an area of freedom and prosperity.
One year after the conflict, I underline once more the successful role of the European Union and the French Presidency in achieving a speedy ceasefire and the mission which monitors it.
We must not accept violent discrimination or acts of terrorism.
By giving their support to the Treaty, the parliaments elected by the peoples of the 26 Member States have done so.
In Borneo, Mr Leinen, an area twice the size of the Saarland is cleared by burning each year.
It is vital, in my view, Mr Barroso, that we see you undertake to encourage the Member States to increase their contributions to the Community budget substantially from 2014.
Only two of the four whose names were revealed have effectively resigned.
The compromise proposal for a regulation on the Ecolabel will help to remove these doubts.
The report rightly reaffirms the basic principle of income support, which has to be both adequate and incentive-compatible.
Innovation is not just new production methods or new uses, for example, of local products.
If we can get a good number of responses to this by the end of January, we hope, after a quick debate, including here in Parliament, to be able to have the new citizens' initiative in place and ready to be implemented by the end of next year.
We are therefore disappointed that the proposed amendments that we tabled were not adopted.
The EIB has already been involved in specific projects, such as with Barcelona, on which negotiations are quite advanced.
As far as a global transaction tax is concerned, the Tobin tax group was set up here in the European Parliament back in 1999.
I support this legislation because it will create a fairer system for legitimate European workers.
The argument put forward by the Greens that this process is harmful to the environment is pure invention.
Concerning the Azores, I consider that the current circumstances justify an additional and joint effort from all of us - the public, regional governments, national governments and the European Union - in order to facilitate a diversification of the agricultural activities in this region.
There is also a need to relax the Stability and Growth Pact's criteria, which is an option provided for in a declaration annexed to the Final Act of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The outcome achieved satisfies this criterion as it retains the possibility for simplified procedures for micro-enterprises.
A first step would be to revise the controversial Posting of Workers Directive or, as it has come to be known in Europe, the 'Wage Dumping Directive', which is generating so much anger and so much conflict.
The value of a currency should reflect the condition of a state's economy.
Meanwhile, as I myself have put forward, we need to pursue a reduction in VAT across the EU as a whole in the case of cultural goods, such as CDs.
This may be the last moment when this can be said, and this is why all Ukrainians must be certain that integration, cooperation with Europe and changes to the law are their own personal opportunity.
Therefore, I am looking forward to the presenting of this report before the end of the year so we can see what the situation actually looks like.
If you are elected, what political guidelines do you intend to issue on these matters, in cases which concern you?
Now there is even talk of abolishing visas for Turkey.
I disagree with those who argue that the new Stability and Growth Pact will prevent States from developing.
As far as the economy is concerned, you have told us that somehow you are the economic guru; you are the man who can save the world.
I will not repeat it now.
In this way we could ensure that the service operated in a more equitable fashion.
In our view, the CFSP must be underpinned and guided by the values which the European Union and its Member States cherish, notably democracy, the rule of law, respect for the dignity of the human person, for human rights and for fundamental freedoms, and the promotion of peace and effective multilateralism.
Problems with it being used for minor offences, the lack of legal representation in the issuing state, long pre-trial detention periods, the lack of bail for people who are not nationals of the issuing state, and bad detention conditions are all cited with reason.
Although I, like the rapporteur, consider it positive that the number of financial irregularities reported to the Commission by the Member States fell from EUR 1 024 million in 2007 to EUR 783.2 million in 2008, I believe that the goal will be to achieve a level of EUR 0 million of financial irregularities per annum.
We need an integrated platform to project European values and interests around the world.
It may happen that it comes the other way round in a few years time, then it will be our good luck.
(HU) Mr President, we are all aware that under the circumstances of the current economic crisis, the importance of the employment policy and the Lisbon Strategy has increased, and therefore we, the European legislators and decision makers, must strive to make the implementation of the employment policy guidelines as effective and successful as possible.
Using this instrument, the Commission, applying its own criteria to decide what is meant by promoting democracy and human rights, and what constitutes the risk, abuse or repression of those rights, has the option of using its own discretion to finance and support associations, political parties, foundations and even specific individuals from third countries without communicating or coordinating with the government of the country in question.
Indeed, the European Parliament's resolution calls on the representatives of Member States to take up this matter.
Vocational education and training have to be treated as a long-term common political priority, which can be translated into reality only with the participation and commitment of all stakeholders: as well as the EU institutions and the Member States, those involved at local and regional level must use their influence to make this happen.
These conflicts and human rights violations destabilise the region and hinder peace and prosperity.
What we need is more investment, more openness, more aid and more of a Euro-Mediterranean policy.
This report emphasises the need to measure the quality of life in societies.
That is a problem for the EU, and that is why it is so important for us to have this plan now.
That is crucial.
The present regulation sets out a Community framework for notifying the Commission about data and information on investment projects in the energy infrastructure for oil, gas, electricity and biofuels, as well as on the projects involving the geological storage of carbon emitted in the energy sector.
We must ask ourselves this question.
Have you ever played Russian roulette?
In the light of the terrible events in Madeira, we see more clearly than ever that we need a Solidarity Fund which could effectively meet the challenges and allow the Union to deliver prompt and effective assistance when Member States suffer a disaster.
If the burden were sensibly spread across Europe then there would not be a problem at all.
We continue to argue for a political solution, found within a framework of strict respect for the sovereign will of the Egyptian people, free from any external interference, manipulation or pressure.
Secondly, the economic and financial crisis.
(The session was suspended at 2.15 p.m. and resumed at 3.10 p.m.)
In my opinion this is a step forward for development and prosperity.
Infrastructure investment is also crucial.
I would like to end by once again thanking all my colleagues who were involved in the task of drafting the reports and the proposal for a resolution.
I am happy to say that this text is also acceptable to the Commission, so there has been excellent cooperation between the three institutions on this file.
Let us show that we can be the main player in the East and not allow Russia to implement its own neo-imperialistic game plan.
Yet here you have an extraordinary political space opening up in front of you with the Arab revolutions, and the role of European diplomacy in that space needs to be made very clear, because beyond the specific characteristics of each country, it is true that everything is connected.
Speaking of the external dimension of the euro, I will say a word on the present foreign exchange rate issues, domains where I would call for great prudence.
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner Damanaki, Commissioner De Gucht, thank you for being here at this debate on a very important report on the import arrangements.
We become more vulnerable.
Quite the contrary.
I call on Europe to adopt without delay the proposed European vacancy monitoring system, which will also include a European skills passport.
Once again, after the immigration-related accusations made against the Italian Government in this House by those who are on the opposition not because of a strange conspiracy that they see themselves as the victims of, but because of the sovereign will of the people, an opportunistic, ridiculous and self-serving attempt has been made to distort the reality of the situation in Italy, with the sole aim being to denigrate the government and our country in the person of our Prime Minister, Mr Berlusconi.
Where is the defence and promotion of public services?
We should seize the opportunity - we are in absolute agreement with Parliament on this - to build together an integrated and coherent investment policy that promotes investments and makes a positive contribution both to economic growth and sustainable development.
It will give students, academics and universities increased access to information and research.
One specific characteristic of my country is that, both at the federal level and at the regional level, our governments are composed of numerous parties.
I voted in favour of the mobilisation of these funds.
My view on that is that we really have to pay attention to the counterparts of the EIB in the Member States, because in most cases they are the partners.
I am sure he would be very happy to work closely with you and your committee, Mr Simpson, in coming to a conclusion on that.
In the UK, NHS treatment is often delayed and very expensive compared with other EU countries.
It is also a precondition that internal legal remedies be fully exhausted first.
We are also talking about our agricultural sector and high-quality food production, which are also competitive on the world stage.
If this is not done, we will start procedures to terminate the ground agreement and draw necessary consequences, including financial ones.
However, the tone adopted in respect of certain pending or current court proceedings (for example, in the Khodorkovsky case) is wrong and undiplomatic.
Whatever the format is - a convention, a conference, an IGC with or without national parliaments - do not listen to the voices of the past.
Especially when these criminals hide behind the skirts of women and children as they would hide behind hostages, when they fire missiles from schools and transform mosques into huge weapons depots.
A good example of this is agricultural output, where both the EU and the individual states allow various subsidies and supports, thereby greatly distorting the competitive environment.
The package leaflet must be unmistakable and legible.
Governance must be given a greater presence at several levels, with the aim of strengthening the participation of all institutions in the legislative process.
We find similar situations in other countries too, such as China, but there is further cause for concern in Iran's case.
Possible effects on the building costs must be subject to prior scrutiny.
From now on, it will be a given that the continuing negotiation process will have to take into account, as a matter of priority, the interests of the small vulnerable island states and of Africa.
Explanations of vote
I promised to tell you a story about what happens if the rule of law is not adhered to but the European Arrest Warrant system is.
This support comes under the Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures (ASCM) - also called the Agreement - negotiated between the countries of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), and it is an example of a public finance instrument with European Union involvement.
When drawing up Single Market legislation, which could have an impact on the labour market, social partners should always be actively involved in preparatory work.
The airlines have blatantly exploited this in the current situation: the crisis, plus bad winter weather conditions.
I agree with everyone who has said that if nothing changes in Albania, it will find itself in an isolated position.
France and Spain are still the major beneficiaries.
The report aptly demonstrates that the future of European livestock farming is threatened by the current protein shortage, with no real opportunity for a breakthrough; neither our climate conditions, nor the subsidy system of the common agricultural policy, provides an incentive for growing leguminous crops.
I am told these concerns are shared by Poland, France, Italy, Spain and some eastern and southern Member States.
This applies to the area of the security service, where security costs are constantly rising, to the area of translation and the effective use of translation resources, and to other areas.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Let us not disappoint them.
Lastly, it is essential that we should now also draw the lessons for alternative energy and energy efficiency.
I call on the European Commission, the European Investment Bank and Member States to make the EU's sustainable economic development a priority and to guarantee, through the European economic recovery plan, the conditions required so that European enterprises can modernise and remain competitive in an increasingly tough market.
Thank you for endorsing it.
This standard needs to be set in order to rationalise the debate, because solving this problem means more than setting the retirement age in law.
We are pleased to welcome Commissioner Cioloş.
(CS) Mr President, the European Heritage Label is undoubtedly a good initiative, and a continuation of the intergovernmental project now operating since 2006.
Delegated acts (Rule 87a): see Minutes
This is good for donor coordination, good for building local capacity and good for reinforcing Afghani ownership.
(DE) Mr President, as rapporteur for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) I would like to thank Mrs Lunacek for her excellent cooperation.
It would be a suicidal move for an institution such as the Commission that has not been strengthened by the French Presidency's successful term.
The question is not, of course, addressed to the Commission; it is addressed to the absent member who asked the question, who is no longer here, who would appear not to want an answer.
That is the reality which is squeezing out welfare spending and investments in a lot of the Member States.
We have common interests like fighting nuclear proliferation and building peace in the Middle East.
Unfortunately, governments are adopting short-term measures on an individual basis, such as the scrappage schemes which are not coordinated, although they have brought instant positive results to combat the crisis.
Before presenting any new proposal, the Commission would need to fully assess the impact such a measure would have on shipping operators.
That is why one of the aims of the strategy is to ensure broader dialogue and cooperation, in fields other than those typically related to development issues.
The theory suggesting that developing countries are not tied in strongly enough to the global economy to be seriously affected by the crisis on the financial markets has been disproved by reality.
You have the tools.
I too have therefore backed the report of Mr Schmitt, which attempts to identify potential problems in the area of education that must be tackled.
Mrs Goulard referred to the comments made by Mr King and Mr Enria, and I have noted them down.
(Laughter)
It must be understood that the industrial fabric of the north of Portugal was based on traditional sectors, in which textiles were of great importance.
The Commission is going to submit a new revised plan at the start of 2011, which must contain the following elements: - EU binding target of a minimum 20% increase in energy efficiency by 2020 - measures to combat energy poverty introduced in all energy policies - revision of the Energy Services Directive in 2011 - encouraging investment in smart grids and compliance by Member States with the requirement of the third legislative package on the internal market to install smart meters in 80% of households by 2020 - Member States must set annual building stock renovation targets - the Commission must put forward policies for achieving nearly zero energy losses in buildings by 2050 - the Commission must examine innovative funding models, such as revolving funds, in order to achieve the targets in this sector.
Nevertheless, we coped; we were independent.
Therefore, I call on the House to reject the attempt by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) to use amendments to turn the position of the European Parliament on Turkey's accession process on its head, as recorded in the resolution on the progress report.
On behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs I would like to stress that we regard the future Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative as fully accountable to Parliament for the simple reason that, like all other Commissioners, he needs the confidence of Parliament to take office.
We Social Democrats expect better measures and better proposals in this area.
(DA) Thank you for your question.
The rapporteur is certainly not to blame for this but rather the 423 amendments, which she had to digest.
I see it, however, as an important contribution to the debate on common European aims and values in pre-school education.
So, put our house in order first, and then we can deal with the rest of the world.
The reason we did not reach agreement was the opt-out.
I agree with the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of the protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the Partnership Agreement in the fisheries sector between the European Community and the Union of the Comoros.
Yes, we are pacifists.
The sum of EUR 50 million was therefore adopted by Parliament during the vote on its reading of the budget on 20 October 2010.
In the final analysis, it is we who are responsible to the people for the EU budget.
You very rightly reminded us that negotiations on the resettlement of refugees from third countries are imminent.
The suggestion in this report that measures of this kind would not increase the total tax burden on the citizens is a lie, of course, and a deception of the worst sort.
It is impossible to separate the Geneva Agreement from the other agreements that the Commission has subsequently negotiated.
Firstly, a central element of the 2011 budget is the focus on young people.
Unemployment is on the increase wherever we look, and we are just weeks away from a crucial global summit on climate change.
Unfortunately, the visa fee will be EUR 60 instead of the EUR 35 suggested by Parliament.
It is also true that in the past, plans in this area were drawn up more from a commercial perspective than from a development perspective, and it is precisely the development perspective that should be reflected in the new proposal.
In their many newspapers, they cannot write that, in Italy, a government has moved the earthquake victims of Aquila out of the tent cities and back into proper houses in the space of four months; in their newspapers they cannot write that, in three months, a new Berlusconi-led government in Italy has removed the rubbish from the streets of Naples that they had allowed to build up for years; they cannot say that, according to the OECD, Italy is the country in which there have been the fewest job losses, despite the economic crisis; they cannot write in their newspapers that, in Italy, no banks have collapsed and no savers have lost their money, despite the economic crisis; they cannot say it, no one reads them, no one believes them, and they lay the blame on the alleged lack of freedom of information.
I live on the border with France and Luxembourg and there are four nuclear power stations in Cattenom.
The commitments that the EU and the US have assumed in this area have led to a sharp increase in the amount of non-food commodities grown on agricultural land.
The aim of economic development is to ensure the well-being of citizens, but it is worth nothing without efficient social measures and a drastic reduction of the current poverty level.
in writing. - Mrs Niebler has presented the report on the third extension of the EU-United States Agreement, which supports the Council decision concerning the extension of the Agreement for scientific and technological cooperation between the European Community and the Government of the United States of America.
The Treaty of Lisbon has been in force for one year now.
Many passengers are stranded in various parts - not just of Europe, but many parts of the world - and our priority must be to try and help those people, to help the many people who have deaths in their families and who cannot get home.
We need to bear in mind that the Balkans is like a bicycle ride.
In addition, the income generated by this tax could help finance global public goods and reduce budget deficits.
I believe there is an urgent need for a Union-wide response and I call on Member States and the Commission to mobilise the necessary tools and resources.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, the model of power sharing between the state and the members of society determines the content of political decisions, while the predictability of the decision-making process and the correct enforcement of decisions are guaranteed by the honesty, professionalism and independence of the judiciary.
Thirdly, the climate.
In a week where we started with only three women in the Commission, we finish with nine.
It is a policy in line with our European values which, sometimes, in fact, can awaken fears and criticism, even though all this forms part of the humanitarian spirit and humanitarian tradition of our continent.
Finally, as a Polish saying goes, in this way we are, like it or not, throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
I am sure this will provoke strong feelings among you, but there are very many Members who have put their names down to speak, and I believe they are present.
Mr Mölzer, your words have therefore been recorded in the verbatim record of today's sitting.
in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats support the conclusion of the Geneva Agreement on Trade in Bananas between the EU, the United States and several Latin American countries and the fact that the ACP countries will be guaranteed support through the Banana Accompanying Measures (BAM) programme.
The political cynicism of the British Liberal Democrats is truly breathtaking.
I do not know whether you realise this, but the credibility of Europe, of the European Union, is at stake here in the minds of thousands of families, of a large proportion of the European population.
On the CAP and Natura 2000 financing, I am trying to do my best to ensure that this is represented very well in the first pillar and in the third pillar and that biodiversity gets proper attention in the future common agricultural policy.
This is essential now, given there is a single reading of the annual budget.
This is obviously all about US interests.
The Commission needs to speed up the procedures, to issue delegated acts, so that the countries know the details and what they need to do to adapt.
The strategy was greeted with some scepticism, which was reasonable considering the complete failure of the Lisbon Strategy.
This is obviously welcome by those who have been working on damage control day and night for more than a week.
Kosovo still has a long way to go.
The EP, together with the Council, of course, will have all the authority to influence the SWIFT Agreement which we believe is very important, which deserves to be debated in this Parliament, thoroughly, seriously and without haste or pressure, to use an expression that you, yourselves, have already used.
Madam President, I am going to put this as simply as I can.
Visa facilitation normally goes together with readmission agreements.
I welcome the suggestion about creating a logo which clearly shows that a particular product is produced and processed solely within Europe.
I say this as there has been a tidal wave of repression that has hit the Sunnis, the Baha'i and Christians, in particular, over recent months, and I apologise to my fellow Members that my report is not up-to-date in that regard.
Mr President, my fellow Member just said that a year is a good time to look back over and I can bring news from Finland where it will hopefully be announced this evening that the Finnish Parliament will support the financial rescue package for Portugal.
I think the request that the Croatian authorities adopt measures that define and improve the participation of civil society players in the process of policy formulation and supervising the activities of the public authorities activities is both appropriate and valuable.
At present, we have an economic recession on our hands and, amid this downturn, we have to remember that if we are to have adequate levels of good human resources - a workforce for our employment markets - we will need to invest in particular in training and teacher training.
I welcome the main objective of this report, which is to support the urban dimension of cohesion policy in the new programming period, and to take account of the current development of the urban agenda in the EU.
(DE) Mr President, each one of us who represents the citizens of Europe and is constantly in contact with them has one objective: working with the citizens of Europe in order to further develop Europe and make it more competitive and to achieve growth and employment for the benefit of Europe's citizens.
Under the eighth EDF and other instruments, but in addition by contributing to EUR 2 million to the UN ODC, the Commission has signed up to a very ambitious plan in the counter narcotics field.
The European Union and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) need to be strengthened.
We need to go further than that.
However, it is absurd that an EU Member State is being threatened, or even discriminated against, for implementing the EU legislation while the EU itself seems to stand aside.
This may lead to an EU contribution between EUR 2 billion and EUR 15 billion annually in 2020.
In Europe, our main instrument is the DAPHNE III programme, which supports European non-governmental organisations and local and regional public institutions and authorities in their fight against female genital mutilation.
In addition, we are waiting for the European Commission's proposed legislation.
That is nothing other than blackmail, and it shows the folly of having allowed countries like Hungary into this political Union and highlights even more deeply the folly of having open borders.
Portugal is an example to be copied in this respect, because it was the first European country to include the abolition of the death sentence in its constitution, over 140 years ago.
We must welcome them with enthusiasm, not with petty-mindedness.
in writing. - (PT) The fight against counterfeiting, which is a global phenomenon, requires a multilateral approach, based on the strengthening of cooperation between the major parties involved globally.
in writing. - Having regard to the draft Council Decision (11365/2010), the draft agreement between the European Union and the government of the Faroes on Scientific and Technological Cooperation, associating the Faroe Islands to the Union's Seventh Framework Programme for Research, Technological Development and Demonstration Activities (2007-2013) (05475/2010), and to the request for consent submitted by the Council in accordance with Article 186 and Article 218(6), second subparagraph, point (a), of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (C7-0184/2010).
In any event, contrary to what the IPCC announced, they are not melting in the Himalayas.
- Mr Lundgren, I am sure that you are mistaken.
It is my decision.
This is an important basic principle and an important statement by Parliament.
I am thinking mainly of two aspects.
We need a greater focus on safety, better rules concerning information for patients and effective measures against counterfeit medicines.
The Arab countries are our partners; we have no intention of patronising them or imposing anything from the outside.
in writing. - (DE) It is important for the EU to become closely involved with the African states and to tackle existing and future challenges by means of a common strategy.
This is repeated constantly.
Measures must be implemented for 2013 onwards that take the changed economic situation in Ireland, and particularly in the BMW region, into account.
While many employers value that, there are only too many who do not.
Secondly, diversification of sources of supply requires greater commitment to Nabucco.
(ES) Are these criteria chosen by you or by the services for the sitting?
We Europeans must therefore reject protectionism and, at the same time, must promote the European social dialogue model, the European social security model.
Yet it is also clear, Mr President, that, under your presidency, our Parliament has continued its gradual transformation from an institution that demands and fights for democracy to an assembly that is all too often submissive and careful not to rock the boat of this or that government.
We are often lectured by certain Council members on the need for transparency, so they themselves should be open to providing information on their expenditure.
in writing. - (LT) I voted in favour of this report, because we must stop all violations of women's rights and violence against women.
The Employment Summit this week gives an opportunity to keep employment at the top of the European agenda where it belongs.
The issue of the legal guarantees is of course essential here, and both content and timing is very important.
The initiative, announced by Commissioner Kroes, to bring together different stakeholders to form a group of experts, who will then be tasked with tackling the media pluralism situation in Europe, is an important step forward.
An important question is how to maintain agricultural production in less favoured areas.
I think a balance must be established between privacy and the need for jurisdictions to enforce their tax laws.
It involves both social dumping, the destruction of productive strength, and environmental dumping, the degradation of the environment.
The Presidency should also exert effective pressure on Kiev to dismantle opaque economic structures which undermine efforts to reform and develop a legal state.
Why?
The next G20 summit will take place on 11 and 12 November in Seoul, under the Presidency of France.
Reality is demonstrating that it is not enough to make statements of intent, however modest in social terms, in order for those goals to be achieved.
Thirdly, the independence of Kosovo has been recognised by only a few European Union countries; mainly those that bear the most guilt for the illegal bombardment of Yugoslavia in 1999.
I am sure you know that our European growth and employment policy does not have very many quantitative targets.
We must look carefully at the problem of the temporary hiring of workers, particularly in agriculture, and we must cut out red tape to facilitate their inclusion and acceptance.
Starting with the Russia-EU dialogue on human rights and continuing with the summits, I think that a systematic and honest approach is required in cases where the standards for a fair trial are not respected or human rights activists or journalists are persecuted and prevented from doing their job.
I would like to set the record straight.
Or would they be happy for future generations to be returned to a non-industrial society?
We reformed sugar production, opened up the markets, restricted sugar production in Europe and abolished export subsidies.
in writing. - (IT) Improving democratic control over the funds intended for supporting human rights is a concrete objective that we have to achieve.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
(PL) Mr Kallas, I think we should draw conclusions from this tragedy.
the oral question to the Council (B7-0233/2009) by Emine Bozkurt, Louis Michel and Michèle Striffler, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on restrictive measures affecting the rights of individuals following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty;
I believe that it will win your support.
Secondly, because it is expected that there must be a new model in that van market by 2012, and unless Magna give assurances that that new model will be brought on, it does bring concerns about the future of the plant.
Therefore, volunteering must also adapt to enable a larger number of people to get involved in volunteering in different ways and at different times in their life.
I do not agree with the point where the Member States are requested to adopt the same format of personal identity documents for their own nationals and for European Union citizens from other Member States, notwithstanding the noticeable differences within the documents.
With the help of the European Parliament and the efforts of the different rapporteurs to get the package together and conclude the negotiation with the Parliament, I still hope that we can finalise this before the end of the year.
We need, Madam President, a new global food policy capable of coordinating agricultural policies at international level.
These entitlements are to be provided for by legislation at EU level.
It is very important as it calls on Serbia to enter into dialogue with Kosovo without referring to new negotiations on either status or partition.
(The sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m.)
I voted in favour of this important report.
The fight against counterfeiting should be one of the priorities of internal and international political strategy, and international cooperation is fundamental to the achievement of this objective.
(DE) Mr President, I would like to table the following amendment, which was formulated in consultation with the author of the motion.
We, as members of the GUE/NGL Group, are highly critical of this communication.
Flooding, Mr Kelly, is not an issue for which I have responsibility.
I therefore believe that we must initiate and adopt appropriate legislation, as a matter of urgency, which would ensure systematic, binding procedures, based on clear principles, for the construction and operation of nuclear power plants.
Firstly, there is a rumour regarding the Brenner Base Tunnel, that it might be reduced to passenger transport.
Finally, I want to say that I am also pleased that there is to be investment in research into the Arctic region, and that the report mentions the University of Lapland as a possible centre for this.
I hope that the project will continue in a sustainable form and that my country, in line with its universalist vocation, will collaborate in it with renewed commitment.
However, this should not mean that the Member States thin down their health systems - something that the text also states.
I wish to thereby express my strong criticism of the use for party political purposes of a debate as fundamental as freedom of the press, a fundamental right which, in essence, should not, under any circumstances, be the subject of political horse-trading and battles between the left-wing and the right-wing!
It is a compromise, a compromise between the institutions, but also a compromise between the institutions that, for instance, was backed by the minimum possible majority in the Council, and that also has its opponents here in Parliament.
A unified procedure should be established for granting asylum, as well as unified standards which enable decisions to be made about who should be recognised as a refugee or whether a person is in need of international protection.
The problem must be treated at its roots: by providing better employment and education opportunities for them, this internal migration pressure will also decrease within the European Union.
A clear line must be drawn.
However, with regard to European consumers, I would like to emphasise how strict our protection system is.
Research in the construction sector is moving towards a greener approach to building.
Finally, I should like to call on all the Member States of the Union to join the call, the desire of five Member States - including Spain - to reduce CO2 emissions by a further 30%.
Therefore, I would like to ask the Commission to meet these requirements in the funding criteria for 2013.
Mr President, the Swedish Presidency and the Commission both refer to the importance of an EU agreement on the financing of climate change measures for developing countries.
(RO) The case we are discussing today, involving the arrest and detention of Farai Maguwu well over a month ago, reflects the lack of progress made in Zimbabwe in terms of respect for human rights. It also draws attention to the serious situation in the diamond fields in the eastern part of the country where the army is frequently accused of committing crimes, acts of violence and serious abuses.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the Artemis Joint Undertaking because it has managed its finances extremely well for an agency which is still in the start-up period.
The support cannot be free of charge.
Situations have been reported where products of four different quality categories were sold under the same brand, depending on the destination country.
The Belgian Presidency had a clear focus on Europe, however.
The tense political climate has also been fuelled by celebrations in the wake of the return of PKK members and sympathisers from northern Iraq.
I also believe, however, that this agreement is not perfect and may lead to future problems.
The full implications of the current situation on our portfolio and on the development of our business cannot yet be clearly seen.
10.
However, we must remember that not only is Hamas one of the causes of the conflict, it is also a consequence of terrible circumstances.
Mr President, to begin with, my sincere thanks go to the rapporteur, Mr Gahler, for his constructive cooperation.
They should support the opening up of the markets and make sure that we support the entrepreneurs and support poor citizens.
To this day, inequalities between men and women persist in many areas.
If you do not know where the Wahhabis come from and who finances them - well, it is the same sources that are being talked about with regard to other terrorist organisations.
However, we need to allow broad discretion for the Member States to make this lower, taking into account economic and social differences.
We will correct the texts and harmonise them with the original.
At the same time, the report fails to propose any cost-cutting measures.
Similarly, the Commission cannot accept Amendment 103, which deletes the provisions on corrective measures.
It must ensure fleet capacities brought into line with stock levels.
Firstly, this compulsive need to link the natural disasters that we are suffering to socalled global warming.
For the last month, 'failure' has been the word most used to describe the Copenhagen Summit.
The current economic crisis is not advantageous to minorities, for it poisons conflicts and gives ground to far-right demagoguery.
We can take a decision on something today that can really put paid to human trafficking.
This case is not unique and it brings to our notice once more that profit-orientated organisations are constantly evading current animal protection provisions in Europe in a criminal fashion.
I can assure you that the Spanish Presidency is going to show it means to tackle this matter, together with all the other European institutions.
A long road, at the end of which we see that the 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises operate with the same administrative burdens and rules as the 41 thousand large European companies, even though the former are unable to enter the market under anything like the same conditions.
I am in agreement with all my colleagues who have referred to a bad human rights situation here - it cannot be accepted.
author. - (DE) Mr President, I interpret that last contribution as a question and would like to state in reply that caning does indeed constitute torture and that the prohibition on torture is integral to human rights and international law, irrespective of whether or not a particular country has ratified these principles.
Unfortunately, the tragic death of Orlando Zapata shows that this policy is naive, ineffective and very clearly should not be continued.
There has always been a tendency here to prescribe to Member States what they should do.
The permanent and temporary rescue funds cannot work because they have a unanimity rule.
The EGF has already been used in the past by other EU countries, particularly Portugal and Spain, so we should now grant this aid to Lithuania.
May I say that I wish to thank Lady Ashton for expressing her concern back in May regarding the charges brought against the Ukrainian opposition leaders, and their possible political ends.
The main causes are speed, overtiredness and alcohol.
Decisions taken on this in 2006 have yielded insufficient results.
The current crisis has highlighted once again that the main problem is dependency on the energy resources located in the Russian Federation and the use of this situation by the Russian Federation in a manner which lies outside standard international procedures.
Last but not least, at a global level, in October 2010, the Financial Stability Board issued a number of principles aimed at reducing the dependency of financial institutions on credit ratings.
They must also comply with the precautionary principle, exactly like gas pipelines on the sea floor or wind farms do.
What does that mean?
A Union in which all children, whatever the origin of their parents, have the same chance of success.
Parliament needs to send a clear signal to the Commission that a trade agreement should be fair and should not curb the policy space.
Greater internal market integration and the cutting of unjustifiable costs to companies through a process of simplification and of bringing down administrative barriers are objectives that must be borne in mind in the preparation of Union legislation.
To conclude, Madam President, we need to ensure that the new 2020 agenda does not become over-ambitious and over-burdened, since this will lead to an agenda full of priorities where nothing gets implemented, as happened the last time round.
We have seen the unfortunate conflict in Georgia, where there was fault on both sides.
Presentation of the College of Commissioners (
These three changes are all pragmatic improvements to the previous institutional architecture but, taken together with the fact that the European Council now becomes an institution in its own right, they give the European Council a better chance of fulfilling its task under the treaties of '[defining] the general political directions and priorities [of the Union]'.
(DE) Mr President, no one has any serious doubts about the need to combat terrorism.
Institutions earn their credentials by operating in a transparent manner.
Would you accept that your comments in relation to corporation tax will harm, rather than help, this situation?
It will also contribute to a reduction in water consumption.
Estonia has one of the lowest foreign debt rates and has succeeded in bringing the budgetary deficit under control.
If the Irish say 'no' again, how often must they keep going to the polls?
The EU must be characterised by democracy and transparency; we, the elected representatives in this House, are an important part of this.
The Treaty of Lisbon will allow better implementation of development cooperation policy goals with the aim of reducing and ultimately eradicating world poverty.
We need to safeguard farmers' welfare and strengthen local economies. We have to protect the environment and also be concerned about producing high-quality, safe and healthy food.
It is Hungary's historic responsibility to see that under the Hungarian Presidency, we do not speed up but rather prevent this dangerous process.
Everything else is manipulation and conditioning of this Parliament and many Members.
Assuming responsibility for the rights of those that we represent, namely the citizens of Europe.
I would like to point out that we will be discussing this subject frequently in the European Parliament over the next two years.
I am not going to pronounce on the exact timeframe for coming to a final agreement.
We are talking about human dignity and it is the same for everyone.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, The debate was lucid, clear, competent and responsible.
That is why we, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, but also Members of other groups, had submitted proposals at first reading to lift the restrictions by 2014.
The relaxation of the rules of origin offer great opportunities for Papua New Guinea to promote the local economy.
Environmental data are the only means of assessing environmental policy, and they should be supplemented in the medium term by additional reliable data.
Such an absence of harmonised standards no longer seems acceptable in the new framework, which is governed by technical specifications for interoperability for wagons, and by the new private agreement, the General Contract of Use for Wagons, between technical wagon operators and railway undertakings.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, you have stated your hope that Tunisia will make progress in the areas of democratic reform and freedom of expression.
The rule on the use of slots has already been suspended twice in the past in order to tackle crises.
We still need to continue with our policy of also improving the figures for our female colleagues in managerial positions and non-managerial posts (AD) in the Commission.
As the people's demands are already in line with our policy objectives, why is it so difficult to make a strong EU statement quickly?
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I would like to thank honourable Members for the very useful direction that you have provided for us in your speeches tonight.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to respond very briefly on behalf of the Council and the former Czech Presidency.
I ask myself who we are actually paying attention to here.
However, we repeat our reservations with regard to the Treaty of Lisbon, which we oppose, and the proposed increases in funding for the CFSP.
The European Union has undertaken a humanitarian effort of EUR 320 million - as you said - and Spain has contributed EUR 11 million.
I therefore think that the proposal to include bluefin tuna in Appendix 1 of CITES is unnecessary and unjustified, because it already has the measures imposed by International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT).
Croatia's accession to the Union will extend the area of peace and stability in Europe, and it therefore entails a dual European and regional dimension, which should encourage the Western Balkan countries to achieve greater cohesion at regional level.
This is something of vital importance that I cannot emphasise enough.
Nuclear decommissioning requires long-term financial planning, which continues until the site has been completely reclaimed and all the radioactive waste and spent fuel have been dealt with safely.
In my opinion, the European Parliament report should diffuse the tension rather than increase it, because if diplomatic channels are exhausted, it will aggravate the already complicated situation for the people of Iran.
They did not want to give Eurostat and the European Commission more powers to examine in depth the Greek national accounts.
It is good that we have had a first-rate expert in the field as our rapporteur on this issue.
We are not rich enough to be able to postpone dealing with this topic.
As far as animals are concerned, if they disappear, we will lose characteristics that are important for our planet.
The global market is reacting to the need to meet the demands of the model of consumption which has already been formed in highly developed and developing societies.
If we have any reason to suspect that our children's safety is at risk, then we must act.
There are many instruments, and we will come back to this debate in the future.
Europe must be united and determined in the management of the financial crisis and of the economic crisis also.
The situation we currently find ourselves in will not be improved by the free movement of workers.
I am alarmed at the increasing unemployment among young people.
If we make progress on a digital market, we will facilitate the creation of content and strengthen intellectual property.
The absolutely key issues for us, therefore, are that the appropriate conditions are created, for example, by us having clear access to the documents in good time in order to take the necessary decisions and, secondly, that no procedures are operated on the basis of a 'common understanding', but that instead we have agreements that are fixed and which cannot be subject to political arbitrariness or the political agenda of the day.
That echoes an ambition that I stated during my hearing before this House for consumers to reclaim the domestic market through specific projects.
It is therefore important for the money that is made available here for food aid to be used in places in Europe where people are really facing the threat of hunger.
In the event that a project is altered as a result of changes to the ownership of infrastructure or the ending of production activities and this change influences the nature of the project or the conditions under which it is implemented, or where the changes provide the firm or the public body with an unfair advantage, the grant must be returned.
This is what we want, and we will try to make sure it happens, but we should be careful about following the crowd.
2.
However, significant efforts are still required, especially at national level, where women on average make up only 24% of all national members of parliament, and in companies, where women make up less than 11% of the board members of the major stock exchange-listed companies.
Martinez thus allowed the Castro regime to exploit his visit and the meeting he attended in order to distract media attention away from the activities of Damas de Blanco relating to the anniversary, as media coverage concentrated on the visit of the Commissioner and this meeting.
It is very non-committal.
There is still a question, however, about political pressure, because that is, as it were, the next matter on which the European Parliament speaks, when we are talking about Iran, and is not achieving any great success.
I should like to refer in particular to the Eurovignette and to the internalisation of external costs.
In the first of the two regulations, the Member States undertake finally to do what they should have done years ago, which is to establish functional airspace blocks within a short time.
The debate is closed.
If we consider the matter of growth entrepreneurship and how we could support it, it grieves me to say that at the moment, the statistics show that the desire for growth among female entrepreneurs lags far behind that for men.
What is the reason for this?
With this, we have taken a great step forward towards making the safety standards of the European Union uniform and I think that we should look for other ways to go even further; where and how can we take another major step in order to enhance EU powers in this area?
We should await the impact assessment that was proposed by Commissioner Tajani during the plenary session on 7 October.
Another decisive point in my opinion is that we still need something on the question of out-of-court settlements.
Secondly, it is not an equal participation of outside influences and outside media coverage.
Foreign visitors to Romania are appalled to see dogs' dead bodies lying on the roads, a barbaric sight which even children have to witness.
If this is true, it is true; therefore anyone who has a religious faith is a person, as the fact that he or she is a person comes before the fact that they have a religious faith.
Consumer organisations in Slovakia receive EUR 152 000 to fund their activities.
I was also the author of a report on global food security and the CAP in the previous mandate, so I have worked very hard on this issue.
The coming months and years will show to what extent the London summit merits a place in the history books.
Apart from reducing dependence on imports of oil and natural gas, thereby boosting energy supply security, this would also mean significant savings for households.
Consumers will no longer run the risk of buying textile products that are potentially harmful to their health perhaps because they have been treated with chemical agents.
The cultural and creative sector is a driver for Europe.
The agreement also marks a new phase in Parliament's powers, ensuring European democratic oversight of international agreements.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the current dioxin incident is more than just a scandal.
Mr President, I would very much like to address myself to a representative of the Council as well, but the Council did not decide to send anyone to this debate.
Last year, Serbia took major steps towards integration in many respects, which the report takes account of as well, and thus I would like to mention only a few points.
Written statements (Rule 149)
We have had too much complication up until now, as anybody who has attended farmers' meetings will know.
in writing. - (LT) It should be noted that a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) will continue to depend mainly on credits and loans when it comes to external financing.
I believe that the European Union should not follow this line of action, because there is a real risk of creating a new Vietnam in the 21st century in Afghanistan.
I would like to emphasise, in particular, that the report points out that violence against women in Europe causes damage in the order of billions each year.
The virtual world is not a lawless world and it must not submit only to the power of advertising brought in by operators and Internet access providers.
This is why I have advocated the setting up of an independent and permanent European reaction force, whose task would be to assist Member States and regions affected by fires and other disasters.
(RO) Mr President, the European Union's energy strategy must focus on energy efficiency, reducing the consumption of primary energy and energy poverty, as well as on promoting energy from renewable sources and the Union's energy security.
(PT) Mr President, this legislative package is not an answer to the severe economic and social problems being experienced in many countries, which are affecting workers and people in general.
They should accompany legislative proposals and follow a common system and common methodology within the European Parliament.
Blankets, mattresses, water containers, tents and hygiene equipment have been provided by 13 Member States as part of an initial joint EU aid package.
Milk, fruit and vegetables, cereals and olive oil have been hit hard in recent months, just as meat production had been previously, due to the enormous hikes in production costs that occurred then.
This right is recognised by Article II-71 of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe.
This is a good way of countering the widespread practice of using forest fires to promote the interests of property developers.
The recent extraordinary surge in food prices rightly prompted a discussion on agricultural policies, food security and development.
I particularly welcome the vote on paragraph 2, which declares that water is assumed as a public good and should be under public control regardless of how it is managed.
15.
The current concept of international relations affords little space to democracy and human rights.
Generally speaking I am of course in favour of the broadest possible international cooperation, but here we can see a clear attempt - and one which is, moreover, explicitly formulated as such - to draw the states of the former Soviet Union closer to the EU and to distance them from Russia.
Moldova has been making efforts in recent years to move ever closer towards European standards of freedom, democracy and good governance.
Mr President, honourable Members, I am pleased that our presence has excited so much attention in the European ... (The President takes the floor).
In this tragic situation, there is an urgent need for solutions that are different from the political guidelines that caused it.
Who can, in all decency, discuss this issue without mentioning the hundreds of tunnels that exist between Egypt and Gaza and other areas, through which weapons are smuggled in order to damage Jewish interests in Israel?
This can be put down to the increasing pace of life, technologies that are developing ever more quickly and the desire to have the latest and most modern equipment.
All of the planned European governance measures aim to wrest power from the Member States, increase the influence of the central powers in Brussels and restrict democracy in Europe.
According to epidemiological studies, the vast majority of people are infected during unprotected sex with an infected person.
For all the above reasons, which are clearly explained in the report, I voted in favour.
By adopting this report, I welcome the fact that Amendment 74 was preserved, since it advocates the creation of a category of regions referred to as 'intermediate' for the next programming period 2007-2013 of the cohesion policy and is therefore along the lines of fairer distribution of structural and cohesion funds between regions.
I am, of course, talking about financial supervision.
This maximum alert level issued by the WHO triggered a series of measures in Europe, including the activation of immunisation campaigns in several Member States which not only were very costly but were also overestimated in relation to the known severity of the virus, which, as the WHO stated at that time in May 2009, was moderate.
Explanations of vote
It is just as well - and congratulations to the rapporteur - that we are making a priority of policies concerning young people, education and mobility.
A fundamental problem is the fact that the number of countries identified as LDCs is growing, while the number of countries which have developed sufficiently to be able to graduate from the group is as low as three.
As such, there is a direct and urgent need today to organise the financial supervision system and deposit guarantee system.
This also ought to be considered at the forthcoming Council meeting when 'progress' in immigration policy is discussed.
We believe that this resolution is a step in the wrong direction.
In contrast to most Members, I believe that the Commission's proposal will ensure greater protection for personal data and, at the same time, a more effective fight against organised crime.
At the moment her case is before the European Court of Human Rights and the Court has written to the Irish Government either to defend the case or reach what they call a friendly settlement.
We have seen the success of EU policies for passenger access and compensation rights in the air transport sector, and I warmly welcome the fact that the EU has come forward with similar proposals for other transport sectors.
I am personally fully committed to helping you in the process in every possible way.
in writing. - I supported this resolution on the ILO convention on Decent Work for Domestic Workers.
Finally, I agree with the introduction into the law of a review procedure.
Madam President, the country with which I am most familiar has seen some harsh confrontations on these subjects, and I would like very simply, but on a personal level, to express the wish that the European Parliament's policy remains one of mutual tolerance and respect.
Past experience has shown us that you cannot leave it to commercial interests to resolve this problem.
However, I would like to assure you that the Commission will pursue the ample opportunities to deal with this issue at a later stage.
(NL) Any euphoria about the second referendum in Ireland is totally out of place.
This Convention, adopted in June 2007 by the 96th session of the International Labour Conference, is aimed at establishing minimum international working standards for the fishing sector and promoting decent living and working conditions for fishers.
in writing. - I voted in favour of this report and was very happy that it was passed by the parliament.
The fact is that I believe that they are addressed better under the proposed regulation than they have been until now, not because we are any more intelligent than eight years ago, but simply because we all learn from experience.
I believe that the possibility of using the pre-accession funds for that purpose should be studied in depth.
The aim is laudable.
Tax rates remain a matter for the Member States.
A judgment of the European Court requires urgent consideration and fast, effective action.
That is why we are in favour of this motion for a resolution.
Furthermore, I disagree with the choice of the simplified Treaty revision procedure.
Although it does not get it from Schengen, it gets it individually from each Member State.
Firstly, Mr Rangel, thank you for your greetings.
Mr President, I think that the Chairman of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), Joseph Daul, and Mrs Harms have asked some very important questions.
Any agreement that is to be concluded will need to be adopted by Parliament, which will therefore need to be kept uptodate with all negotiations.
I believe that on this point, Europe can and must do much to promote growth, development and employment.
- Mayer report
By creating a new micro-prudential supervisory body, it will be possible to contain the risk of further financial crises.
It would be disappointing if we were to continue to fund roads when we have decided that fewer cars should be on the road; it would be disappointing if we were to continue to fund vehicles designed without taking account of interconnection or passive safety, or consumption not only of fuel but also of the environment; it would be disappointing if together we were to plan to go down one route and the money and resources for which we are responsible were then to end up going down another, being spent without coordination in terms of time.
Following this sacrifice, Lithuania will find it considerably harder to overcome the economic crisis.
In my opinion, this would not benefit us, and, in my opinion, a closed fortress Europe would benefit no one and, in my opinion, history always shows that if Europe is open and cooperates with the rest of the world, then it only benefits from this.
in writing. - The effects of climate change are being felt now: temperatures are rising, icecaps and glaciers are melting and extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and more intense.
By creating specific rules, which must, though, be respected by the whole European Union and which we must ensure are also respected by those third countries with which we have significant trade in agricultural products, we will perhaps be able to begin having a market that is less distorted and could better protect our farmers and the EU's agricultural products.
Impact of advertising on consumer behaviour (
Europe has no alternative to transatlantic relations.
The EU's joint annual priorities in terms of geographic regions and in terms of specific categories of refugee to resettle must really take into account the needs of the Member States and their individual circumstances; the Member States' participation in resettlement actions must be encouraged.
The first is that the register is not really mandatory.
The Council would like to remind the honourable Member that it has already affirmed on multiple occasions that, if we intend to meet the needs of persons with disabilities and wish to ensure their equal participation in society, it is important for us to involve them in forming the decisions and policies that apply to them.
We can talk about 2020, but we have a more urgent problem today: the eurozone and Greece.
The next item is the report by Mr Blokland, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on substances that deplete the ozone layer (recast) - C6-0297/2008 -.
(The President cut off the speaker)
These are essential factors - as we are all well aware - for bringing peace to the region.
Not even today do we have a clear idea about what the implementation of the Lisbon Treaty will cost the taxpayer.
The only people to profit from the hysteria surrounding terrorism and the uncontrolled competition to become better equipped will be innovative US companies.
The debate is closed.
However, there is a need, through policies and measures at regional level, to strengthen support for research, development and innovation, together with the development of education and the skills needed by Europeans to ensure an inclusive labour market.
This is important for Europe not only because we are bound to our values - it is also important for purely pragmatic reasons.
Mrs Pack has already made reference to this, saying that the existing structures in the Member States and between them, such as the EUNIC network of national institutes for culture, must be incorporated and that civil society must be seen as part of European external cultural policy.
As a matter of urgency we must diversify our energy supply, reduce consumption, encourage low-carbon energy and establish a stable competitive internal market.
In our resolution, we are appealing to the Iranian authorities, and I hope that at the same time, we can, in this way, show our support and respect for the courage that many Iranians demonstrate in their fight for fundamental freedoms and democratic principles.
I understand that this meets with the approval of the other groups' representatives.
Women subjected to violence could call this number to obtain immediate assistance.
There are all the UN resolutions and the Geneva conventions as well, however.
I have held very strong views on this for a long period of time.
It ought to be in the interests of Western governments to preserve this diversity and to take action to raise awareness of this matter because, in the long term, the preservation of biodiversity can only be beneficial from an economic point of view, too.
the oral question to the Commission by Jo Leinen, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on key objectives for the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity in Nagoya, 18-29 October 2010 - B7-0468/2010);
The report is extremely important, because it makes provision for the scope of the regulation on the eligibility of housing interventions in favour of marginalised communities to be extended to the entire European Union and not only to the new Member States, as provided for in the European Commission's initial proposal.
The correct figure for the 'maximum ceiling' is now 29 567 000 000 and the correct 'General Mandate' figure is 27 567 000 000.
The EUR 280 million milk fund announced yesterday is welcome but is merely a sticking plaster over a much wider problem.
President Medvedev could bring about a breakthrough here and end his Presidency with at least one demonstrable success.
I draw two conclusions from this.
That is not only completely counterproductive, I also think it is absurd.
Nowadays, they increasingly are forced to leave their countries, are forced into ghettos, or have become internal refugees like those in Iraq.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FR) Mr President, Mrs Győri, I have one figure, one observation and one question.
The context in which we will be moving in Mexico, and the context in which we have been moving, is that of a growing population, a food shortage, a need for more agriculture, and limited land and water resources; therefore, any decision we take on climate change must be considered within that context.
Above all, this directive does not solve the problem of assessing bank activities.
I believe that they will keep the promises they have given and that this Treaty will be signed.
In the vote to elect the Ombudsman, I voted for Pierre-Yves Monette.
The initiatives taken by the Czech Presidency serve to underline this point.
(PL) Madam President, in this Chamber, we have spoken many times of the situation in Burma.
And let me reiterate, not for the first time in this House, that our basic philosophy is a strong Europe; a strong Europe that places people at the centre of its thinking.
(Applause)
As Brussels will only provide the money for the ESF when the Member States take responsibility for cofinancing, this means that there will be around EUR 150 billion on the table for creating more and better jobs.
The problem is that the banks are not lending to businesses, and it is also true that the attempts of some governments to finance the banks so that they, in turn, will finance small businesses, are failing because no one knows what debts the banks are in fact suffering at this time.
I will not go into the details, but the authentic version is the English version.
I agree with and support, therefore, the appeal launched by six EU Mediterranean Member States for the creation of a Solidarity Fund to help alleviate the effects posed by immigration.
Paragraph 44 of the report only refers to Ukraine and Moldova, although most of our neighbours are important countries for the energy sector, as source countries or as transit countries.
Some Members have raised doubts about whether all the amendments that my report proposes are within the scope of the legal basis of the regulation - Article 255 of the Treaty.
As my group chairman, Martin Schulz, has stated, at a moment when Europe is confronting unprecedented challenges, it is necessary for Europe to speak with a single voice.
These are the occasions when the Union has to show that it is effective, that it is supportive and that it is close to its citizens, especially those who need it most.
Quite the contrary, Mr President; this External Action Service is going to save money, because it will provide several EU Member States with the opportunity to reduce their consular services in many countries across the globe.
Of course, this makes Greece even more attractive to immigrants, especially illegal immigrants, who believe that at some point in the future, they will be able to regularise their status.
Allow me now to say a few words about legal and police cooperation.
It would appear that the EU is making appropriate use of the experience of the Israeli army, which over-defends the 'security' of the Israel state from Palestinian 'terrorists' by slaughtering countless children in Gaza as we speak.
We are having to express an opinion on a proposal for a directive on nuclear waste based on the Euratom Treaty and our Parliament only has a consultative opinion on this text, which is something I regret.
Mr President, each institution has to defend its role.
At present, Croatia, and perhaps Iceland, appear to be the countries closest to accession.
The European Parliament and national parliaments must play a more significant role in both.
Christianity and other religions are peace movements like the European Union.
But I think that those who want to point their finger at the quota system for being the reason for all the problems in which dairy farmers find themselves are wrong.
Would it not be more appropriate to accept even a nominal wage decline and hence boost employment in the name of European solidarity?
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for his fine work and beneficial cooperation on this report.
Mr President, the economic crisis has had an effect on Europe's small and medium-sized enterprises.
The call to relax the rules on imports of unauthorised GMOs does not solve the problem of the EU's protein deficit and therefore should not have been introduced at this point.
Behind the backs of the British people and with no mandate, the Westminster parties have sold their country away, while the polls show 55% want to leave the EU.
They are even less aware that this Parliament has a heart and a soul.
This report, 'An integrated industrial policy for the globalisation era', aims to table proposals to relaunch European industry.
In the southern Kattegatt in Sweden, Sweden and Denmark have agreed to protect the spawning ground of the cod in a desperate attempt to protect the last remaining cod stocks.
The Danube must remain a symbol for future generations, too.
At the heart of the strategy lie improvements to mobility, energy supply, security, protection of the environment and disaster management.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking because, despite a number of irregularities in the Undertaking's budget, I think that we can be confident of future improvements in its auditing performance since it is still in the start-up phase.
The next item is the joint debate on the following items:
It therefore remains for me to say, Minister, dear Cecilia, thank you very much for your cooperation and such full participation in Question Time during the Swedish Presidency.
He has done very good forensic reports on these proposals and they highlight what an awful muddle the European Union is in regarding monitoring and evaluation.
in writing. - (PT) The last European Council meeting took a set of decisions that, if they are implemented, will constitute an unusual, violent and dangerous attack on the workers and peoples of Europe, given substance within the renamed 'Euro Plus Pact'.
The most personal information may be collected, including sexual preferences and bank account details.
When we talk about accession of the European Union to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights, we are talking about work which has been going on for 10 years now and about many fears concerning, inter alia, competition between the Court of Justice and the European Court of Human Rights.
I should very much like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Ferreira, for her positive cooperation in this connection.
Who will pay?
In this context, I believe that there are elements which are symbolic, and I hope that Parliament will today unequivocally vote to fight the offshore system and tax havens.
So there are alternatives, but Turkey is our priority route and I think it is beneficial for Turkey as well.
A better functioning internal market is also promised from the more broadly conceived, more interactive and more transparent public consultations of the draft legislation.
This is a fundamental matter: how we are going to coordinate the 2020 Strategy in the future - this, too, needs to be based on the Community method.
It has also been pointed out, though, that other dissidents are still behind bars.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to congratulate Iceland very sincerely on gaining candidate country status.
The three key objectives in the area of organ donation and transplantation are ensuring quality and safety for patients at EU level, ensuring protection of donors and facilitating cooperation between Member States.
This subject has a profoundly foreign policy dimension.
The ECR Group strongly believes that the legislation we produce at EU level must be legally sound and robust and should not compromise Member States' legal systems.
The developing countries have committed to investing 15% of their budgets in the framework of the Abuja Declaration.
We are slowly exiting the crisis which has given rise to additional inequalities within the EU.
Let me stress that I believe that a solution can be found on the issue and, in this respect, I thank Parliament for its understanding and cooperation.
IAs are the basis of the legislative process.
This is the only way to support a process; this is the only way for smart, strategic diplomacy to support this country on the path to democracy.
Personally, I believe this to be necessary in order to counter the deficits in the rule of law that many experts see in Europe.
Over the next six months, we will hold a dialogue on these objectives with North and South America, in the Mediterranean, in Africa and Asia and with the other European countries that are not part of the Union.
It is a text that, like the two previous ones, aims to define the conditions for road tolls in the various countries in order to avoid excessive distortions and so as not to create distortions of competition or discrimination.
But I have my doubts, and I know that those doubts were behind the decision of the Arctic Council last week to refuse to give the EU permanent observer status.
This creates confidence in the process of establishing the External Action Service.
That is a great political strategy, that is!
Issues relating to the environment, social matters and disasters caused by the financial crisis are among the most sensitive topics that may mobilise citizens to call on the EU to legislate on these matters.
And this tragedy continues.
Theoretically, the European Union should not put pressure on this responsible, sovereign country, because responsibility for the internal situation in the country is borne by its authorities.
Greater flexibility of the funds, the simplification of their administration and strategic coordination between instruments, policies and actors is a long-standing demand and a necessary tool for the social inclusion of marginalized groups within a complex policy framework of integrated policies, making use of all the EU financial resources available under the EU funds, and in particular under the ERDF, ESF and EAFRD.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (GA) Mr President, a better political and economic relationship must be promoted between the European Union and America.
For the majority of countries, debt reduction is a crucial issue, given the negative effects that it has on economic incentives, and on the growth of the economy thanks to increased taxes and risk premiums.
In this case we are considering a price increase from a health perspective among others, but we cannot be so fanatical as to introduce a price increase that certain Member States simply cannot sustain, or that would increase smuggling, especially in Member States on the periphery.
It is impossible to increase proportionally the sale price of meat to the producer.
Mr Gallagher, in other words, you are invoking Rule 156(5), and you are taking over Amendment 29 as in the voting list, which means that we have to vote on it.
We do have to increase the necessary investments in knowledge, innovation, sustainability and energy, resulting in a larger budget; but the Council leaves us no choice.
Therefore, stop the negotiations!
However, at this very crucial time, it would be incomprehensible and inappropriate for the Union to dispense with its special envoy for the Middle East.
History does not work to a timetable and we are in a period of crisis.
Moreover, Brazil often acts as an informal bridge between Western and emerging and developing countries.
To do this, we should first of all aim for so-called 'soft' measures that have a long-term impact, such as promoting economic integration, the more active creation of people-to-people contacts and political dialogue with Ukraine's government institutions.
I did so after lobbying from supporters and opponents.
What could be more natural, where children are concerned?
'Guarantee that representatives of public administration employees and employees in the public and financial sector enjoy the same rights to information and consultation as are granted to other employees'.
Opening of the sitting
Although it is comprehensive, unfortunately I have to say that the overall content is rather limited and poor.
The purpose of Amendments 72 and 73, therefore, which we have tabled once more to the plenary, is to ensure that residents' signatures will be included in the 1 million signatures requesting the Commission to take action.
Mr President, the Agency for Fundamental Rights reports that the Roma suffer every type of discrimination in every area, whether it be in relation to access to employment, to health care, to education or to housing.
We also need to discuss this subject.
Access to the EU for millions more people from some of the poorest and most corrupt countries in Europe will enable them to cross the first barrier in gaining illegal entry to Britain.
Surely, rather than talking about the reform of the common agricultural policy, we should be looking to abolish it.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8))
The Member States use only 20% of our funding.
It is not about privileges or discounts - that has rightly been said - but about fairness.
A new government was elected through free and fair elections, recognised by all of us.
If we also bear in mind the real difficulties faced by many producers in obtaining financing to support conversion processes and the serious economic difficulties that they are still having to deal with today - with serious repercussions on the stability of their businesses and employment levels - I am convinced that something has to be done.
We need, as Mr Czarnecki said, two things: first of all, we need a permanent UN presence there to replace the United States and, secondly, an absolute guarantee of no displacement.
It demands that we turn Europe into an area of freedom, security and justice, and we must not allow individuals, parties or governments to take any Member State back to a dark age of repression, injustice and uncertainty.
This provides the grounds for presenting a European strategic answer to the Roma issue, which otherwise falls under national competence, and I would personally be very proud if we could jointly manage to adopt a common European Roma strategy by the end of the Hungarian Presidency in June.
The situation of spouses and life partners of self-employed workers - who contribute to the activities and earnings of the business without having the status of an employee or business partner - could not be satisfactorily addressed in the 1986 Council directive.
Firstly, it is not much money for the crisis we are going through and there is no guarantee that it will reach those who need it most.
Access to a country's territory has to be a matter for each country to take decisions on, but international conventions and agreements must, of course, be respected.
We should strive to remove existing barriers as soon as possible.
I wish that every Member of this Chamber could say the same thing.
It is only by doing this that we will deserve the title of legitimate heirs of the fathers of Europe, through whose efforts we are all here today.
As a Hungarian MEP, I can see an exceptional opportunity in promoting 'medical tourism' based on patient mobility in Europe.
Simply implementing effective measures on this matter will, of course, be insufficient if there is no involvement on the part of consumers.
This is one of the reasons why I support the institutionalisation of the relations between the EU and the OSCE, as this will further strengthen the European Union, the peace of the EU and its humanitarian security.
I myself ...
We will have to produce more, but in a sustainable way, which requires greater efficiency, the adoption of the best techniques and practices, and increased investment in scientific research for this area.
I think the European Central Bank is a very credible institution that has been managed with great wisdom and intelligence.
We recommend for consideration the proposal that prudential supervision be introduced for this institution as well in the interest of the precise measurement of the quality of the EIB's financial situation and its results, as well as compliance with effective and successful business practice.
It is also very important, in this key portfolio, that we speak with one voice, not only in Parliament, but also in the European Institutions as a whole.
Firstly, the Egyptian people, who have seen their legitimate expectations of greater dignity and democracy satisfied, and, secondly, the international community that, not without a certain cynicism, has gone from being the ally of yesterday to the nuisance of today and, perhaps, to the accused of the future.
I would like to hear the Commissioner today reassure us on a number of points.
Debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (debate)
The Member States must therefore define a target group for social housing to allow social housing to be allocated in a transparent way and to prevent those most in need from being excluded.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Schwab because I consider it a sound basis on which to negotiate with the Council and the Commission the conclusion of an agreement on the level of harmonisation necessary to obtain consumer rights that can be exercised in every Member State.
Hamas opposes a two-state solution, rejects the right of existence of the State of Israel, has taken power by means of a brutal coup against its own people, fires rockets at civilians, and uses civilians, schools and mosques as human shields.
Unfortunately, even though there was no qualified majority in the Council after the Netherlands took the side of the countries that are blocking the initiative, this has no effect on the importance of today's vote.
However, who determines whether the files we hold are of a commercial nature or not?
The European Union should take inspiration from the model followed in the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
The countries involved in the implementation, application and development of the Schengen acquis should participate in the External Borders Fund, in line the decision establishing this fund.
Mr President, Mr Chastel, Mr Barroso, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Verhofstadt has worn himself out today!
We also have further tasks ahead of us in ensuring the free movement of services and respect for the rights of posted workers.
Nonetheless, in 2009, 18 countries carried out death sentences.
I therefore ask that further corrections be made in the final negotiation of the text.
Unemployment is today's real social problem; this is our task today.
Now we have to think very carefully about the strategy for the way ahead.
Therefore, we have to be pragmatic.
Otherwise, this will happen again, and we shall be talking about, rather than to, the regions, our partners.
Madam President, it is surely not a coincidence that last week, the British Conservatives won the support of Rupert Murdoch and yesterday they voted to suppress this debate on press freedom.
We urge the Commission to maintain a firm negotiating position designed to really strengthen access for European goods and services to the markets of both developed and emerging economies.
This is why we need to take steps in this area.
It is now up to the rest of us.
In fact, in establishing the new service, and particularly in drawing up its financial rules, it is necessary to provide the appropriate economic safeguards from the beginning.
I see some changes, certainly in tone, but also considerable continuity with the politics of the 'detested' Bush, given that President Obama has not abandoned the programme of extraordinary renditions and CIA prisons in foreign countries.
For the Commission, however, there must be a reference indicator.
The price crisis in 2007-2008 highlighted the weak position of consumers with regard to price volatility.
A great number of leaders, from both Europe and Africa, have confirmed that they will be taking part at the highest level.
The measures themselves differ from island region to island region.
The proposal also takes into account the transfer of protection to another Member State under national arrangements.
Commissioner Špidla, who has done a great job in very difficult circumstances, is, in fact, together with the Commission as a whole, asking for the Member States to develop five million apprenticeships.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 17 September 2009.
I also like studies that provide data which can help us do our job more efficiently in the European institutions for the benefit of European citizens.
I hope that your Presidency can decide about starting a central agency for administration of IT systems that Europe clearly needs.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, the ECR recognises that the financial services industry cannot expect to escape from the crisis scot free.
José Manuel Obama: Yes, he can!
We have been denied a choice.
At no point does it denounce the devastating consequences of global free trade and market logic.
10.
There is no responsible or immediate management present to ensure that the gambler is of age and acting legally.
Moreover, environmental data currently available should be expanded in the medium term to facilitate the necessary policy assessment of the European environmental policy.
I therefore hope that, after this, there will be no obstacles to Parliament supporting the candidates tomorrow, and the supervisory authorities will finally be able to commence their work.
The cooperation between Parliament and the Council during the videoconference with Prime Minister Jan Fischer of the Czech Republic was also excellent, so thank you once again, Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt, for organising that video conference.
The first step is a comprehensive agreement in Copenhagen binding the international community to mandatory reductions and providing for sanctions at international level for non-compliance.
The cases of food scandals that have multiplied in recent years, due to the capitalist conditions of food production being increasingly imposed by the EU and the WTO, will never be effectively addressed with administrative control measures, nor can GMOs coexist with conventional and organic foods.
We are combining our support with a clear commitment to a more united economic and financial policy.
We need to look at how the Regulation has worked up until now and we have to improve it.
That is the plain truth of it.
ACTA is a tool for making the existing regulations more effective and for providing better protection against violations of copyright, trademarks, patents, designs and geographical indications.
I wish to thank the President and the Commissioner, as well as all the Members who have spoken and supported the ratification of this Convention.
The last 500 km of this transport would, according to the transport schedule, take 2.5 hours.
Although the Member States are responsible for deciding on the shape to be taken by pension systems, and, in principle, the European Union is not authorised to take action in this area, certain legislative solutions relating to pension systems should be worked out at EU level.
Today, airports are more like a small town, offering all kinds of facilities - but with security measures that have made them something of a Fort Knox, and things are only moving in one direction: towards more and more of them.
This must remain a priority.
In my own country, the Scottish Government has made dementia a national priority, and Scottish expertise is being used in research of international significance.
What legislative initiatives is the Commission considering regarding the European Union's future industrial policy and for generating new jobs?
As liberals, we proposed this, so this is music to my ears.
Since the 1990s, Turkey has built good neighbourly relations and stability in its region - on its borders with Europe, the South Caucasus, Central Asia and the Middle East.
The Council must send the proposal for a Council decision and the text of the agreement to the European Parliament for its opinion.
If the costs of the umpteenth strategy will still only finance talk, I call on the European institutions to make amends to the dozens of small entrepreneurs in my region, Veneto, who have taken their lives rather than see their small businesses fail.
The Regulation also gives passengers the right to reimbursement or re-routing if a carrier with which a booking has been made is subsequently added to the list, resulting in cancellation of the flight concerned.
- (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a point of order.
This is the message which I will be putting forward to the Member States and to the country so as to take the process forward.
(FI) Madam President, first of all, I wish to say that it is excellent and important that we concern ourselves with the rights of our citizens.
Therefore, I congratulate the Council.
The Member States must provide a regular set of data on the capacity and occupancy of accommodation establishments and on tourism demand.
Following this notification, the Greek Government put forward a budget for 2010, which had not been put forward before the elections, and not only the Commission but also the Eurogroup and Ecofin approved the excessive deficit in the light of the new situation.
Both the Council and the Parliament's legal service found that the legal basis was adequate and, as unanimously supported by JURI, the protection order does not establish obligations to modify national systems for adopting protection measures, as the Member State to which a victim travels is asked to provide protection in accordance with its national law.
The Roma live in many European countries - both Western and Eastern countries.
At the same time, it is important to ensure that natural fertilisers are used, or fertilisers which are rapidly broken down in the soil and do not pass into underground waters.
There is one point on which I want to be very clear: the crisis that we are experiencing cannot be used as a pretext to cut social expenditure.
My question is: what about a financial transaction tax?
Regrettably, this is not the reality.
Too many countries for too long turned a blind eye to what was going on.
Equal treatment cannot be compromised.
European funds are in fact one of the most visible and effective manifestations of European integration.
I am delighted with the citizens of Ireland, who responsibly voted 'yes' and thus avoided full-blown paralysis of the European project.
Therefore, at this stage, the Commission can only make a preliminary analysis, as the precise view on the interaction of the constitution with Union law and its legal effects can only be fully evaluated when taking into account the implementing legislative, administrative and judicial practice based on it.
For this, training is essential.
The second view is that the accession of Turkey will always be undesirable as the country is viewed as Asian, Islamic, too large and too dangerous.
This is the result of the fact that we have a division of labour, because Europe is not a superstate, but is comprised of 27 sovereign Member States and will continue to operate like this under the new Lisbon Treaty too.
More ambition, indeed, in dialogues with civil society and local authorities, to enhance their involvement in the conception and control of the implementation of this instrument.
I agree with the President-in-Office of the Council and the President of the Commission that we must now support a negotiated settlement led by the Social Democrat President of Costa Rica, Óscar Arias, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, and not provoke any repressive or insurrectional violence.
The one thing which has functioned extremely well is the notification of the veterinary authorities via the European rapid alert system.
Firstly, cyberspace requires protection which is dynamic and does not build static walls, but relies on flexibility and proactive innovation.
This will enable the EU's specialist service, Eurostat, to compile European statistics for every mode of transport in compliance with EU standards.
They have not understood a thing, for teaching someone a lesson is a dismal way of educating them and one that has never worked.
Yesterday in Aden, a young demonstrator was shot dead during clashes with the police, who opened fire to disperse a gathering.
We need incentives here in order to change behaviour - as the rapporteur said, 'penser autrement' - but this will only happen in governments, in administrations, in businesses, and for citizens, if they understand what potential there is for making savings.
I think this is an extremely important report.
Parliament and the Commission are setting a good example by establishing a common transparency register to provide accreditation for lobbyists and other interest groups.
Protecting consumers is a key priority of the Labour Party in Europe.
23.
Commissioner Potočnik - whom I hold in very high esteem - gives figures in dollars, although he then converts these into euro.
Expanding the financing instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other high income countries and territories will give the EU the opportunity to establish cooperation with the crucial emerging and developing economies on an equal footing.
I would also like to draw attention to the unexploited potential of innovative revolving financial instruments aimed at increasing energy efficiency in buildings.
In fact, I have proposed that we should not simply wait for 2013 to start this action, but should start it at once, in 2010.
Obviously, the job is not over.
I therefore support such an agreement, in principle.
I therefore ask for the broadest possible support from this House for the report that we are presenting tomorrow and which must be voted on in this part-session.
Better information systems for travellers and road infrastructure operators, for example with a view to reducing road traffic accidents and making transport cheaper and more efficient, is obviously a good idea, as is the facility for collecting environmental data.
It has been like a well-oiled, efficient machine - and yet it never got into gear.
You should not forget that in 2002, the European Commission made a proposal that auditors could be sent to a Member State to check the numbers, for example, but it was not accepted by the Member States.
There is a major uncertainty there that continues to remain, but I understand that income support will always be available, in any event, and that does put my mind at ease.
(LT) Madam President, first of all I would like to stress that the solution to the migration problems that have come about should remain within the scope of the Schengen Agreement.
We welcome your visit to Sudan and that of our fellow Members, including Mrs De Keyser's activities. However, as you are aware, the situation has deteriorated drastically recently.
On 21 August 20 years ago, a Soviet and Hungarian army invaded the former Czechoslovakia.
Secondly, can you confirm that the Director General of Eurostat, Mr Rademacher, expressed serious doubts about the data coming from Athens as long ago as 2004 and 2005?
We cannot accept assessments today that were carried out on the basis of old rules.
Particular attention has been paid to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility.
The Commission has drafted a regulation on the methods for implementing safeguard measures within the context of this agreement.
With that in mind, it must be said, Mr El Khadraoui, that it makes no sense to internalise the costs of congestion - quite the opposite, in fact.
With regard to the broader view, we have had a press release from the European Commission this afternoon.
Following brief negotiations, all the rapporteurs of the various political groups signed a resolution, so there are no problems to note.
Lithuania for its part leads in terms of the number of people who have emigrated since entry to the Community.
I think it is important to remember that there are many processes under way that are useful, that are working, and that we should not, under any circumstances, be tempted - as some seem to want - to return to past events, to times gone by; to return to the political failure of the embargo, because we know the consequences of that.
I, too, share his concern at the lack of enthusiasm shown by the Commissioner to ensure that best practice is observed throughout the European Union.
This was also in your question. We have visa facilitation with Moldova and Ukraine as from 1 January 2008, but we are also renegotiating these agreements.
He is a likeable and cultured man, but most of all he is the symbol of the failure of the European Union.
I would stress their importance in combating deforestation and the degradation of forests, as well as the resulting carbon emissions and loss of biodiversity at global level.
In 2009, there were no special reports sent to Parliament by the Ombudsman.
I agree, and I want to underline the paramount importance of being both fair and firm at the same time.
The uncontrolled growth, the establishment, reestablishment and expansion of EU agencies, which has almost tripled since 2000, clearly contradicts the demands of the Lisbon Strategy for less bureaucracy.
We cannot accept that countries should run up national debts without limitation.
Thank you, and I wish you the best of luck during your presidency.
Properties must be given back and refugees' right to return must be guaranteed. The financial instruments which the EU has, in particular the pre-accession assistance instrument, must be used to facilitate social and economic development, increase transparency and promote reconciliation between ethnic communities.
In EU Member States, traditional implementation of corporal punishment is rightly banned, and let us hope that Malaysia one day will follow our enlightened example.
Therefore, it is also important that we also include paternity leave by making the most of the dual legal basis in this directive, which aims to promote gender equality and the reconciliation of family and personal life, because one of the stereotypes which prevails in our society is that women are associated with reproduction, while men are associated with production.
It is not a case of replacing armies with private security firms equipped with the weapons of war.
This will lead to more social exclusion of precisely these population groups and will only increase these problems in our cities.
Despite making progress in the adoption of the entire Community acquis, giving its institutions reliable structures and best practice, there is still a long way to go.
Someone said at the start of the debate 'why are we discussing one draft when there is already a new one?'.
Finally, this report is worrying for the future of French tobacconists, who play such an important role in maintaining local shops and supplying certain public services in rural areas and who were seriously threatened by a previous tax increase.
In particular, we cannot ignore the fact that the inherent approach for enhancing security and monitoring cyberspace have not always properly ensured that there is respect for the rights, freedoms and guarantees of the public.
With the Swedish Presidency, we have celebrated once again the International Convention on the Rights of the Child, which is in its 20th year.
I would like to draw attention to the role of the Court of Justice in the construction of the European Union's accession to the European Convention.
The rights of Parliament have been taken into consideration, which is something that I also consider to be absolutely essential.
Furthermore, the work programme is based on objectives and indicators, and impact studies will more often than not be used to assess the coherence of policies.
That is a criminal offence, and we really have to ensure that we do not become too close to those who practise these types of evasions.
Finally, I would emphasise the importance of the Commission confirming that the application of ACTA will not have any impact on fundamental rights and data protection, or on the efforts that the EU is currently making to harmonise implementation measures for intellectual property rights.
Whilst we have been dealing with this immediate crisis, other countries around the world - some with political values that seem very different to our own - have been forging ahead.
As you pointed out, there are important aspects of comitology here and my committee is absolutely behind the need to follow up these proposals very seriously.
I think it is a very good sign that here, after the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force, we are actually finalising the main pieces of the legislation necessary for its full implementation.
I am pleased that, since 2007, we have been working together with DG Enterprise and Commissioner Verheugen on entrepreneurial education, which is very much needed in Europe and lags behind many other areas.
We have not forgotten our seven demands adopted during the previous part-session.
The EU's motto of 'United in diversity' should also come to bear on the image that the Union projects to the outside world.
At the time of transition from the analogue to digital TV system, coupled with the growing importance of new media, including 3D format, we must bear in mind a number of factors in the policies which we are devising.
This should be the case even if elections are to be held in only one country, for example in France.
Healthcare providers would provide all the relevant information to enable patients to make an informed choice - including details of their insurance cover or other means of personal or collective protection with regard to professional liability, which must be in place in all Member States, patients would have a means of making complaints and of receiving remedies and compensation when they suffer harm arising from the healthcare they receive.
One of the biggest problems is the protracted work on adding a modern definition of human trafficking to the Penal Code.
Finally, is it clear to you that the monitoring authorities in the US were much too closely interdependent with the oil industry?
(FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am slightly surprised by the number of Members here in the Chamber for a Thursday afternoon.
Russia duly pays the victims the compensation ordered by the European Court, as some sort of 'impunity tax', refusing to investigate the crimes and punish those guilty.
The next item is the report by Mr José Manuel Fernandes, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the estimates of revenue and expenditure of Parliament for the financial year 2012 - Section I - Parliament.
To this end, the scope of this future directive will be extended to all persons legally or illegally entering European Union territory.
We do not just want to listen to one side of the argument.
In respect of my own region, I would very emphatically call upon the regional government - not one blessed with much initiative or with funds given how much it wastes on its top-heavy administration and needless cross-border bodies - to exert itself to draw down this EU funding, and thereby give our excellent local produce the best chance in the marketplace.
At the same time, we are endeavouring to speed up the payments from the budget support operations featuring as part of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument.
I have a concern in relation to the World Trade Organisation and a deal on agriculture which does not take into account the impact, for example, of deforestation in Brazil as it supplies beef to the European Union.
Those with political responsibility in Iran are currently responding to this legitimate will of society with repression by the State extending as far as the death penalty.
Realistic, specific, quantifiable targets, both long-term and immediate, urgently need to be set.
Approving the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on trade in agricultural products (
Perhaps I do not recognise you because you have a new haircut.
If we help the airlines here, and I think that would be sensible, they must not do this at the cost of passengers.
Mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund in favour of Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania is justified in view of the heavy rain and flooding that affected these countries and the serious damage which resulted.
As a result, I support the rapporteur's suggestion for Member States to have the opportunity to use funds made available through loans and credit guarantees, which would allow the relevant parties in rural areas to make investments during these difficult times.
Both Laos and Vietnam must fully comply with international standards in terms of protecting human rights.
it calls on the Commission to develop a mechanism of registration of NGOs that are denied registration in Belarus for political reasons, in order to enable them to benefit from EU programmes.
Ensuring that the skills being learned are in line with the competences - including for citizenship - required for the new goals of sustainable and intelligent growth is essential, as are policies for the transition from education to the workplace and speeding up the recognition of professional qualifications, titles and academic credits.
Finally, we must discourage the promotion of competitiveness on the basis of a deterioration in labour relations and rights.
It will also contribute to the abandonment, however gradual, of practices that are damaging to the environment.
the joint debate on mechanisms for strengthening economic order,
We received chilling testimony of a monstrous regime of extreme brutality in many Kazakh prisons, with recently released prisoners describing grotesque degradation of prisoners and systematic savage beatings, brutal rape and other tortures.
Agriculture is one of the most problematic issues and remains tragically neglected in cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries.
I would also like to see an EU-wide target to end street homelessness by 2015 by Member States, and to develop integrated homelessness strategies.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, I used to say that we had a triple crisis in Europe with financial markets, jobs and climate.
There is no sense whatever in that.
I believe that these elements should be as clear as possible, and they should definitely be more prominent than they are in the text produced by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
The availability of fiscal data is essential to the proper functioning of EU budgetary surveillance.
I think the Commission must make up its mind.
I agree with what the honourable Mr Lebech, who spoke before me, stated.
I condemn the ostrich politics of those who think that the European Court of Justice's current case-law on service concessions is satisfactory and that there is absolutely no need to legislate.
I really would have expected more.
If targets have this effect, they also have the effect of providing the motivation for policies and projects.
In situations of political crisis, our 'urgent debates' have enabled in-depth, constructive and taboo-free dialogue on the situation in Kenya, Zimbabwe and Mauritania.
Another positive feature is the fact that much greater importance is given to the commitment to the family.
How is the fund to be made up?
These initiatives are also necessary to maintain European competitiveness and create employment.
I welcome to the European Parliament a delegation from Rwanda headed by the Minister for External Affairs and Cooperation, Mrs Rosemary Museminali.
It is well known that domestic work is often insecure and informal, and this insecurity and informality seriously jeopardises the rights of those providing these types of services, even though they participate in the economic activity of their respective countries and should be considered workers like anyone else.
There is also something else that causes me concern.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as coordinator for the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, I had the opportunity to present the opinion of the Committee on International Trade on the need for a European strategy for the South Caucasus.
Human rights must be respected by all sides in the Middle East conflict.
(ET) I would like to note that the borders drawn by Stalin may indeed remain, but this country, which, as the successor to the Soviet Union, sits on the UN Security Council, must also take up the matter of liquidating the legacy of Stalinism.
author. - Madam President, I am asking for a last-minute change to the wording of the oral amendment - if the House will allow - because we have now managed to establish what the confusion was in the joint resolution.
Perhaps it should be left up to the Commission to prove who is right.
It is with satisfaction and a sense of responsibility that I am voting in favour of the recommendations to improve EU economic governance suggested in this report.
The strength of our strategic partnership also allows for constructive and open exchange of views on issues where Europe and China diverge.
To conclude, Madam President, it is as though I were here telling you that in Italy there is famine and hunger, when last weekend, I was in my country at the sausage festival eating roast meat and drinking wine.
Trafficking in human beings is a serious crime and a severe violation of fundamental human rights.
I do not know who made the mistakes - perhaps we did - but let us just have a look at this for the future so that we can have a more reasonable allocation of speaking time in those debates.
If we do not have results, it will inevitably have political consequences in our relations with both countries.
I would very much like them to show the same tolerance towards me.
They must be combated.
Even right at the end, a debate took place in the committee procedure which I, at any rate, was worried would create uncertainty and give rise to a loophole in the application of the procedure that would result in the risk of these diseases reaching Sweden.
Eurobonds will further destabilise the euro area and turn the EU into even more of a transfer union.
10.
The EP has voted to redress the low collection rates, improper treatment and illegal exports of WEEE to third countries.
At a global level, there is scarcely anyone who opposes this tax.
I am referring, for instance, to the issue of the tax or levy on financial transactions.
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner, for the second time today, I have the pleasure of putting questions to you and hearing your answers.
What is more, the economy needed to be revived.
At this juncture, since my speaking time is up, I would like to make one final comment.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
The feelings of small countries around the Baltic and Black Seas are of little concern to anyone, but the Persian Gulf is close to Europe's belly.
The Services Directive (2006/123/EC) is characterised by partial liberalisation of the flow of services in the European Union.
At a time when employment has become the number one preoccupation of all countries and all European regions, I am proud of the resolution Parliament has proposed today on the future of the ESF.
A really historic atmosphere prevails in this late-night session of Parliament.
In addition, the creative sector makes a significant contribution to the development of information and communication technologies, and plays a major role at local, regional and national levels.
Those who are involved in human trafficking do not make any distinction between men, women or children, as long as they can make money from trafficking them.
We want to have a partnership with a Russia that is in the process of democratising, but to do that, Russia must democratise - in reality and not just in our wishful thinking.
We had this debate in Parliament in the spring of 2009 and we had it in a number of Member States.
The inability to provide better and more affordable protection for inventions and creations, particularly in the industrial sector, is an incredible and, I believe, unacceptable weakness in terms of the competitiveness of our continent, which is up against extremely tough international competition.
Moreover, its private aspect not only enhances the image that Europe presents to the world, but also promotes European citizenship.
This effort is needed so that this heritage can be disseminated across the world, thus helping other peoples to get access to Europe's cultural wealth.
(LV) Ladies and gentlemen, an initiative of EUR 5 billion in total is a good basis both for the further development of the European Union's common energy policy and for rural development in the long term.
The rules for the scrapping premiums - this has been addressed numerous times and I would like to say it one more time - are clear cut.
Those who question it need to ask themselves whether they would be satisfied with criminals spending years beyond the reach of the courts and beyond the reach of justice, because traditional extradition takes too long and has too much red tape.
Documents received: see Minutes
It is not acceptable that China's currency-dumping is risking the economic recovery in Europe.
The time to assess the way in which the Member States have used European aid will be when any new aid is granted, and it is then that we will perhaps be able to draw conclusions from measures that were unsuitable, particularly in the social sphere.
This intelligent joint action is not just a question of responsibility or solidarity, as you said; rather, it is a question of the added value that comes from sharing a currency that does not just boil down to a monetary union, but which must also be an economic union, and where the only tool that we have had available until now - the Stability and Growth Pact - is insufficient, since it has never been a growth pact, and it is a pact that has not permitted the euro area to fulfil its potential.
Before I conclude my speech, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to refer briefly to the situation in Transnistria.
We have good, and in some cases outstanding, research capacities.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.55 p.m. and resumed at 3.05 p.m.)
These rules, which are carefully modelled on the rules the Council and the Commission already apply, define limits on the public's right to access to documents, just as Article 255 requires, and there is nothing in the Treaty to prevent the institutions adopting these in the regulation.
Further there will be a prohibition of so called pre-ticked boxes causing problems especially in the passenger travel sector.
This issue concerns the fact that the Hungarian Government continued throughout 2006-2007-2008 to hold to the view that it had purchased new water cannons at the expense of the Schengen Fund, and that these were used in Budapest on 22 October 2007 to disperse the crowds.
Furthermore, it is very important for Europe to ensure that its common commercial policy does not undermine, but rather helps to safeguard, its social model and its environmental policy.
We now want to bring this forward.
To conclude, the third feature that I should like to highlight is the fact that the European Investment Bank is also rather unique because of the kind of expertise it has developed.
We know that the crucial thing that is lacking is a will to do that 'everything'.
The current prime minister, Mr Filat, speaking at the time as a representative of the opposition, clearly declared European aspirations.
Turkey should address this issue.
For this reason, in any case, and for more general reasons I voted in favour and I congratulate the rapporteur.
This, of course, is what Rhodesia - now Zimbabwe - successfully did.
In the absence of Mr Moraes, I am afraid Question 27 falls.
Suffocating foreign debt, paid several times over, yet always rising, plays a key role in establishing these kind of relations.
I believe we were able to show, that, above all, the best consumer protection is effective data protection; that at a time when people surf the Internet and do not know exactly what is going on behind their screens, it is particularly important that they should be enlightened.
It is in the same spirit that I will present to the European Council some of the major challenges for the G20 that will take place in June in Canada.
The existence of these statistics is of great importance in determining the direct and indirect impact of tourism on the economy, supporting the planning and development of new tourism options, or adapting existing ones.
This is why Hungary finds the Commission's stance totally unacceptable and is insisting as firmly as possible on being able to sell its carbon dioxide quotas after 2012 as well.
Some of the major ones relate to water quality.
Priority attention will also be paid to independent living in the community.
In particular, I congratulate it on having built up a well-developed activity-based management system, a multiannual work programme, a balanced scorecard with indicators, and an integrated management control system, all of which contribute to efficient management.
Commissioner, I am relying on the pragmatic man that you are to turn this Single Market Act into something more than a catalogue of good intentions.
We do not have the scientific knowledge for 50% of our fisheries.
You have probably had many discussions with the Members of the Council, with the Member States.
I advocate the need for economic governance mechanisms, not least by coordinating and supervising the policies of the Member States regarding the sustainability of public finances.
This positive trend, however, has not been accompanied by the protection and upholding of passengers' rights: passengers have pointed out many problems, including cancellations, overbooking, loss of luggage and delays.
The question of individuals' rights in such an agreement has also been raised.
This was the message from various leaders at the recent United Nations meeting.
The majority of those sitting in this Parliament have learnt nothing from the global financial and economic crisis.
However, I think that we should know whether there is, in fact, a real threat that Apple will become dominant on the European market.
It is an extremely difficult thing to do, but it must be done.
Due to the quantity of methane released into the atmosphere, it should also be included in further work.
The Union budget is the main mechanism for activating solidarity between the Member States and is a strong tool for a reform that could mobilise additional private and public resources to support investments that will act as a catalyst in terms of the exponential effect of spending by the Union.
The United States holds a key position in the world and the European Union is increasingly becoming a global actor.
Indeed, the ESDP becomes the Common Security and Defence Policy, the CSDP, and it must take on a new dimension.
The purpose of the report is to establish the European Parliament's position with regard to future financing for development cooperation prior to publication of the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework.
However, I would like to talk about something which has not been mentioned in this Chamber.
You mentioned five goals, whose main objective is to rebuild the European economy and also to make the European Union a main player in the international arena.
It will be more powerful still under the Lisbon Treaty, if and when it is eventually ratified.
I get the impression that no one is questioning the effectiveness of extradition, of the European Arrest Warrant, the reduction in the length of proceedings and therefore, in a nutshell, the fight against crime.
It said that the single market has a key role to play to deliver growth.
Let us not fool ourselves.
These new plans that we come forward with should not be about throwing out the baby with the bath water.
Written statements (Rule 149)
The Moldovan Government needs immediate support from the EU, and there are three ways in which European support can help Moldova: quick financial assistance, abolishing of visas and the conclusion of an association agreement.
This problem is a cause for concern.
National contact points, like those we are now setting up in the health sector for cross-border patient care, would seem an almost obvious solution to this - national contact points to which people of all generations can turn.
Madam President, first of all of course, I, too, want to welcome the release of Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Burma, after so many years under house arrest.
We need to be more confident than before that they are able to build a society and a state on foundations that are close to their definition of freedom and their traditions and values.
I am sure all of us want good relations with Turkey and many of us, probably the majority, wish to see Turkey one day as a member of the European Union, a different European Union to what is being developed today.
The adoption of this draft directive will finally allow patient mobility, an element intrinsic to citizen mobility, to be added to a legal text.
However, under the current regulation very few novel foods are approved on the EU market due to highly complex application and assessment procedures.
The outcome of this will be even more immigration and all the problems which that leads to.
Misleading practices are illegal under the Misleading and Comparative Advertising Directive and the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive.
It is also worth mentioning that administrative procedures in this regard need to be simplified.
Its consequences are multiple.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 20 October.
The worrying conservation status of the anchovy stock in the Bay of Biscay led to the closure of the fisheries in 2005.
We ask for compensation.
That is why we must not brook any relations with illegally appointed representatives of Zimbabwe and former associates of the Mugabe regime, and the European Union, together with the countries in its region, must guarantee the transition of Zimbabwe to democracy and the application of the Kimberley Process.
Finally, we would like to see the European budget be given its own resources and a tax on financial transactions finally introduced.
We are taking strong action, with stimulus from the Commission, involving banks and financial operators and also the European Investment Bank, which sent two vice-presidents to take part in the debate.
Yet the European Union also holds the key to bringing the United States on board.
It is, of course, against our rules, but I think this time we should do it, so it will be organised.
Working in the home is not treated as work, although in fact, this involves the performance of around 200 tasks every day.
In addition, based on the results of a study funded by Parliament, we are preparing a communication on strengthening support for SMEs in third-country markets.
Poverty and injustice were the hallmarks of life at the time, and I consider Hugo Chávez's government to be a very significant and much-needed improvement.
However, if Canada continues to impose a unilateral visa requirement against Czech citizens, this partnership will have a very bitter taste to it.
The Belgian Presidency plans to examine the policies and methods which are to be brought into use to create an integrated European transport network.
While it is true that the measures proposed by the Commission cannot, under any circumstances, be a pretext for more redundancies, we cannot ignore the objective difficulties that these measures are creating.
Europe also encompasses our neighbours, who belong not only geographically but also historically to Europe.
Finally, I would like to note that the Commission is happy to agree to Parliament's suggestions on an improvement of the flow of information on macro-financial assistance programmes.
The details of pensions are regulated differently in the individual States and they must also remain that way, which is why I strongly reject the report.
The reason for this, in my opinion, is that many companies and many cases of tax losses in cross-border trade show that the VAT system in Europe is very badly organised.
(Applause)
Its aim is to protect consumers against residues of medicinal products in foodstuffs whilst also improving the availability of veterinary medicinal products in the Community.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, after my speech I will say a few words in Neapolitan (Part not transcribed in this document, since Neapolitan is not an official language).
This is another interesting story.
When it comes to that action, the devil is often in the detail, however.
When we discuss expenditure, we must refer to the obligations that result from the Treaty of Lisbon.
I should like to congratulate you on that, because naturally it is important to protect citizens and small and medium-sized enterprises so that, when they provide services, they can also recover their income accordingly.
We are not only counting on it, we will also press for it to actually happen.
There is a non-profit organisation called the 'CO2 disclosure project', which collects information from thousands of businesses and could, in my view, also be used by local government.
The Commission has made it quite clear that they understand that the fishing industry is not economically viable in some respects, but that is not the result of extra fuel prices.
I voted in favour of the present report as I agree with the extension of the scope of Directive 2003/109/EC to provide long-term resident status to individuals who benefit from protection under international law and who have already legally resided in the territory of a Member State for a period of five years.
However, what follows is serious and unacceptable.
This is a justified demand because we cannot allow for the agreement to be a collection of general phrases.
The recent statements by Mr Van Rompuy are along the right lines.
You failed when it came to the report that I did on maximum residue levels.
Therefore, improving scientific tests and also coordination at the level ...
However, the Union should be aware that some Member States are trying to meet the budget demands that Europe makes of them at the cost of destabilising the accounts of sub-state governments.
I voted in favour because the Schwab report has the merit of protecting consumers in their cross-border purchases.
How will we handle the financial and economic crisis?
The European Nuclear Safety Regulators Group and its members, the independent national regulatory authorities, must finish determining the aforementioned practical steps by the middle of May, which will probably allow for the assessment of these to be started in the summer.
In combating this phenomenon, it is very important to accept unified security measures within the European Union, including repackaging.
Therefore I am pleased with many of the suggestions made in the report, including on issues concerning buildings policy and prizes - which need to be reviewed and made more transparent - as well as allowances and the important issue of the need for a savings strategy for Parliament's budget.
Thirdly, I would like to declare that, if I plan to have a child during this term, I will take paternity leave, if Mr Buzek allows me.
Differences in rates allow a certain degree of tax competition to be maintained in the internal market.
EU position and commitment in advance of the UN high-level meeting on the prevention and control of non-communicable diseases (
This will provide us with a general and fairly comprehensive framework for action by the Commission regarding progress on equality between men and women in the areas which my fellow Member has just mentioned, from employment through to the other ways in which it is important to ensure and guarantee such equality.
In actual fact, Qimonda is months ahead of the competition when it comes to research into energy-saving chips, and it is specifically in this regard - in this potential for innovation - that investment should be made.
It is no solution to keep taking the money left over from agricultural policy; it is no solution to shift the balances underground between agricultural and regional policy and the Union's other needs.
The principle of due diligence reflects the legal obligation of a proactive behaviour to a certain legality and needs to be demonstrated on a basis of comprehensive measures which will enable legality to be reasonably assured.
I have said it before in this Parliament: this crisis is causing real hardship, and this is nowhere more visible than the impact on the jobs market.
I do not believe that we should sacrifice, for the sake of a supposedly more efficient global system, the culture and the tradition of hospitality that have always characterised local communities.
We must turn our ambitions into specific measures.
in writing. - The Youth on The Move (YoM) programme represents an opportunity to unleash the potential of young people and enable them to contribute to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth in the EU.
The Kyoto Protocol could still be extended, which is positive: there will be a lot of pressure in Durban next year, given that the only binding agreement on climate change will be expiring, but it is very important that the agreement reached in Copenhagen now becomes an official United Nations document, as it is supported by all countries except Bolivia.
This is also clearly enshrined in the protocol on public broadcasting in the Treaty of Amsterdam.
There is a lot of discussion at the moment in Parliament and beyond about farmers receiving a fair and stable income for what they produce.
It is a victory for the European Parliament and it is also a victory for all of us who fervently support European cooperation and everything it stands for.
Ladies and gentlemen, the European Parliament cannot endorse the fisheries agreements with Guinea while the victims' wounds are still fresh.
This now will be put under severe pressure because of the provisions of this proposal and also, particularly, increased insurance costs which may drive them out of business.
To improve the situation and reduce existing disparities, one possible avenue for discussion offered by the agenda adopted today could be to extend the use of open-ended contractual arrangements.
(SK) Security services, as an almost natural part of their preventative work, create databases of people who are involved in illegal activities.
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 260 of the Constitution of Pakistan, the country's citizens are divided into two categories: Muslims and non-Muslims.
(EL) Madam President, I am sorry, but the question remains.
This is important to remember because we are not out of the woods yet.
India, although ambitious, is a developing country with a huge number of poor and starving people within its borders.
That is why I am pleased that we have finally managed to put the question of PVC behind us.
The rules affect practically 90% of Greenland's exports in this area, which reached EUR 251 million in 2007.
The dissemination of the methodology prior to the publication of the stress test results will improve the general credibility of the exercise.
However, ladies and gentlemen, it will not be enough to increase safety measures in Europe, for Europe's neighbours, Russia and Belarus, are going ahead, regardless of our debates on nuclear safety.
It is important that the remit of this fund is widened to include workers who were made redundant through the economic downturn, not just globalisation, and that the number of redundancies needed would be 500 instead of 1 000.
The Council authorised the Commission to open negotiations with its partners from the Mediterranean in 2006 with a view to negotiating a proper dispute settlement mechanism.
Firstly, because the Arctic region is thought to contain huge energy resources - as much as 20% of the world's undiscovered technically recoverable reserves - the temptation to exploit these resources is irresistible.
Europe will be united in London and with a unified message.
Higher education throughout Europe faces a huge challenge.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in view of the subject, the time allowed to submit the amendments seems sufficient, so I think that we should not accept the proposal.
It is true that, despite the problems, the situation of the Hungarian community in Romania is better.
It is therefore essential that we mobilise sources of funding, both national and private, as far as possible, especially from industry, although as the Commissioner rightly said, this is not a very good time.
We in the Committee have proposed that the speed limit be set at 120 kilometres per hour from 2018, which is really not unreasonable.
in writing. - (PT) I support the favourable result of the voting by the Council with regard to the appointment of Mr Praet as an Executive Board Member of the European Central Bank, on the basis of a positive assessment of his Curriculum Vitae and the written responses that he provided to the questionnaire given out to candidates for the post in question.
They should be the most important beneficiaries of this regulation.
It is not right in such a difficult situation for Parliament to demand a 6% increase in the budget.
I am of the opinion that we have successfully carried out this function of monitoring.
Moreover, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance want to exempt public investment from the standard of a maximum ...
Nobody knew where it had come from, what pigs it came from or where it came from.
Commissioner De Gucht has undertaken to ensure that the European Parliament is closely involved in the decision-making process.
Indeed, although food needs to continue to increase in the world, the proportion of development aid devoted to agriculture has, for its part, been on a constant decline since the 1980s.
By advancing the implementation of our revised Framework Agreement, we have been able to engage in in-depth discussions on the political priorities for the coming years.
We know all your arguments.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
Clearly, this means radical change in the production and consumption of energy.
The Council itself has already taken concrete measures to improve access to statistics on violence against women.
It was work that we did together, but her contribution was the greatest.
Europe is far ahead of the curve in relation to the rest of the world and, frankly, 145 days from Copenhagen, that worries me.
Turkey should know how large the Turkish dossier is for a country with its size of population.
I appeal to you, both Parliament and the Czech presidency, to translate this into practice as soon as possible.
The European Council will establish the Union's position in advance of the G20 Summit.
Most illegal immigrants to the EU arrive in Greece from Turkey across the maritime borders.
However, the European Union has made the commitment that all EU policies with an impact on developing countries will take into account the development objectives which have been assumed.
There are in fact several points of the proposal with which I disagree.
Yes, I share your view that the question of access is a complicated one.
Making it into a place to live, but not into a homeland, is a different matter entirely.
According to statistics, this year has been the bloodiest for the Palestinian people.
(LV) Thank you, Mr President.
Without that knowledge it is very difficult for farmers to plan for the future.
We have seen cases where the current economic crisis is starting to fuel racist and xenophobic intolerance across the world.
(NL) Mr President, Commissioner, you yourself already said that we cannot have a debate about the motor industry without also saying something today about General Motors.
The escalation of violence in Mexico
Therefore, given the financial perspectives, more ambitious goals need to be set when reviewing the trans-European networks.
Would we not risk losing the markets to China and other regions that are moving on this agenda as well, no matter whether and when we get an international deal?
Too many people, in 2009, in the developing world have no access to clean drinking water.
All the incidents must be investigated by an independent commission.
You will have noted that the overwhelming majority of this House is in favour of setting up a European watchdog for the financial markets, the players of which are also, by and large, European.
It should, therefore, be asked what criteria guided the Commissioner when she distributed appointments in this way.
You need a more thorough analysis of the real situation, particularly in the new Member States, including Slovenia.
In any case, the European Parliament has always insisted that this directive must not form a pretext for dangerous deregulation and liberalisation of the sector, thereby harming workers' rights.
There is an incredible enthusiasm here that must be channelled - bundled, if you will - in order to create the corresponding added value.
Innovation is, of course, crucial for Europe's development.
There is a need to enhance, stimulate and secure the financing of research and development in the European Union via a significant increase in relevant expenditure from 2013 onwards, because such an increase in funding, ideally by increasing the budget, must foster sustainable growth and competition via excellence.
This actually confirms what one of our fellow Members said in this House a few months before the latest European Parliament elections, which was that the European grants had not produced the desired results in Wallonia, particularly in comparison with other European regions, and that it was not only Wallonia itself but also the European Union that was responsible for ultimately approving these projects.
Giving the common agricultural policy a 'check-up' is a step in the right direction, and maintaining the same direction in discussions of the common agricultural policy after 2013 is the only way to strengthen the sector.
Secondly, we have the main targets, which I referred to before.
We should also be prepared for the eventuality that, just as in Chernobyl, the operator of the plant in Fukushima has made an attempt to conceal the damage and has tried to water down the information relating to these issues.
I am convinced that the fundamental goals of Turkey and the European Union point in the same direction.
Yes, we need regulation, common policy, common rules, and an overhaul of our rules and better functioning of the system.
With my vote, I call for a new global approach that will make it possible to send a powerful message to companies to the effect that human reproduction concerns men as well as women.
I believe that rare diseases must undoubtedly receive special attention, and we must consider the specific needs of those several million citizens, to make it possible to guarantee them a dignified life in future.
It will have a major impact on the subsequent development of the whole European integration process.
I hope that the majority will vote for the Buitenweg report tomorrow, as I intend to do, as I believe it to be the correct course of action.
I would remind you of the Council's latest conclusions, which were very clear: the European Union will support debt relief for this country by taking account, as other partners do, of the progress we are expecting, and which we want to accompany and encourage politically and economically in order to ensure the stability of the country.
The September legislative elections are widely seen as a milestone for the future of the country and it is now timely for the EU to underline the importance that these elections be held in a peaceful, transparent and fully democratic environment.
I trust that it will not stop with today's debate and that we and the Commission shall together begin a process to implement the projects which you mentioned.
Mr President, as an MEP elected in Latvia, I welcome the fact that the first example of a strategy for a macroregion concerns the Baltic Sea area.
This European Asylum Support Office must therefore provide the Member States with expert assistance and contribute to applying a consistent and high-quality common European asylum policy.
And if you stand and tell me that you will stop imported food coming in that has been actually sprayed with these particular types of chemicals - you will not!
Accession will strengthen protection of human rights in Europe and submit the Union's legal system to external legal control.
I therefore hope that the European institutions will redouble their effects in implementing measures that speed up and improve the rates of utilisation of such an important resource as the EGF, which currently has very low levels of mobilisation.
We can set a deadline, we can change and we can veto if the Commission is not in line with what the legislator wanted.
I am convinced that all Member States of the European Union, including my home country, can only become strong and successful if the European Union itself is strong.
(Loud applause)
It provides an excellent starting point.
They are already under-represented in the Iraqi Parliament and this is certain to lead to more tension and instability.
Young people must be given help and support in securing entry to the world of work.
Europe and Russia are destined to cooperate with each other - and not just in the field of manufacturing.
Unless that changes, very promising events like EU accession to the ECHR will simply be a waste of time.
If so, I should like to know that too, because then I would think that you consider it unimportant.
As the honourable Member emphasised in the introduction to her question, violence against women has a harmful effect on women's ability to participate in social, political and economic life.
The deepening of the eastern dimension of the European Neighbourhood Policy, through a strengthening of cooperation with the countries of the region (above all, with Ukraine), and likewise with the countries of the Transcaucasian and Caspian region, is of great importance, not only morally but also practically.
It is crucial that we tackle this kind of crime.
It is clear that the prosecution is a vexatious one, by a private organisation, designed to deprive Mr Gollnisch of his elected position and his good name.
I would not like to call it a dirty game simply because of the respect that should be shown to a European Union Member State, but our fellow Member should have honestly stated that Malta has always sought to maintain its excessive expanse of territorial waters, which stretch as far as the island of Lampedusa.
Achieving a compromise between expectations and possibilities not only required negotiating skills but, above all, needed knowledge of the subject.
I would remind the Members once again that the Blue Card system created by the Working Party on Parliamentary Reform does not apply to the Commission and the Council, but only to debates amongst Members of this House.
Indeed, this competition betrays their varying interests, most often linked, whether explicitly or implicitly, to control over the transport routes in the region.
the promotion of partnership in implementing reform of the areas of employment and integration.
This should also be an important part of our approach to the 2012 budget.
Firstly, because it is a truly positive and constructive contribution from the European Parliament to the definition of a coherent Euro-Mediterranean policy, a challenge to which we are deeply committed.
Roma communities in Europe continue to face unacceptable levels of prejudice and, in many cases, violence.
In principle, candidate countries should resolve beforehand any territorial disputes and similar issues they might have with each other and with Member States, so as not to later slow down the operation of the Union.
The accident in Hungary also provides an example of European solidarity.
That is why I am surprised at the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, who have unanimously decided to vote against the new Commission, especially as they themselves have frequently stated that they gained a lot from the process and that their objectives were accepted.
The budget for 2011 is the fifth budget in the Multiannual Financial Framework.
Madam President, I welcome this report, which strives for greater transparency in the fight against corruption, and which deserves support.
At the policy level, specific objectives and road maps have been set in recent policy documents.
A football team, Commissioner, that is not competitive loses game after game.
In 2006, Mr Barnier proposed the creation of a European civil protection force, with Member States contributing on a voluntary basis, without having to wait for hypothetical unanimity from the 27, by pooling existing national civil protection units, by training them together with joint rescue techniques, joint communication methods and a joint headquarters.
Our approach is not naive; it is not, as has been said, Venus's softness against Mars's strength.
The CAP was created at the same time as the European Economic Community.
Charges of blasphemy, prohibition of conversion to Christianity, harassment on a daily basis, murder, all that is happening.
The first is that the European Parliament has fallen silent during the Greek crisis.
(NL) Mr President, let us be quite clear: Copenhagen was a failure.
The 250 hostages have suffered an inhuman and degrading treatment, and their situation is getting worse.
This is just as true today as when he said it but, on the other hand, it is also true that institutions will wither if they are not carried by people with strong convictions.
I, and the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, can see no alternative for workers rights other than for us to provide a clear legal protocol in the treaty in which union rights take precedence over market freedoms.
The development of cross-border transport links is one of the major challenges of this policy.
- Report: Jarzembowski
In 2011, the Commission intends to present a communication on corporate social responsibility outlining proposals for further action at international level, including promoting cooperate social responsibility in relations with partner countries.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Maystadt, Mr Rehn, I would first like to thank Mr Deutsch for his work.
This is connected with freedom of expression, which is a core European value.
Let us not forget that Europe is a market economy and policies are only here to correct the market weaknesses.
There can be little doubt that they run contrary to the European spirit.
With the directive and the action plan, we have sent a clear signal.
Once again I would like to emphasise this very clearly.
This definition is clear; it is precise.
I also wish to mention that 81.3% of young women have completed at least secondary education, while 59% of university graduates in the European Union are women.
Some governments have legitimately started to test body scanners on more sensitive routes.
We must submit a proposal which is as far-reaching as possible, but which also draws together as many as possible of the countries attending the conference.
A special human rights service needs to be created and, more importantly, areas in which there are EU representatives need to be monitored by the Union.
However, we do need, of course, to understand that the problem now lies at our door.
Commissioner-designate Kallas seemed rather less clear, but I would remind the Commission that transport accounts for 25% of CO2 emissions and, as such, requires urgent action.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union is committed to combating all forms of terrorism.
In fact, I bow down deeply before her.
It would not have been appropriate for this disguised personal attack to have been supported by Parliament.
The EU must also act accordingly in this regard by taking direct and decisive measures.
The European Union stresses the need to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East and calls for the resumption of Palestinian-Israeli negotiations and the resolving of all outstanding issues in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including all core issues.
I do not want to weigh up the political dimensions or cogency of EU leadership under large versus small countries or old versus new countries or the pros and cons of political versus bureaucratic governments in the country holding the Presidency.
Only six months are left before the pilot project launched in May 2010 concludes, meaning it is already time to draw up budgets.
We can see that the Member States are very resistant to the asylum package and that the tendency is towards keeping national practices.
rapporteur. - Madam President, it is a privilege this morning to be opening this most important debate and inviting our colleagues to support the reform to the telecom package that we have on the table.
To be blunt, the bulk of the money will have to come from where the bulk of the money is.
We revised it in 2004, and now either we take it seriously or, in 2020, we will once again be saying that it did not work.
By taking this kind of action we are fulfilling our duty to both the current generation and future generations.
In the context of the scandalous judgment of the European Court of Human Rights, which ordered crosses to be removed from an Italian school, it should be stated emphatically that no group of judges appointed by politicians, not even the Council of Europe, can order the removal of a cross, which has universal and religious significance.
(PT) Mr President, the social consequences of applying so-called 'austerity' measures are getting worse every day.
However, we would like the procedures for the recognition of health claims to be re-examined.
It is David versus Goliath, except that, this time, the Commission seems to want to ensure that it is definitely Goliath who wins.
Mr Schulz has not even apologised as yet, and so it would do Mr Schulz honour if, like Mr Bloom, he were to leave the Chamber now.
According to the latest Eurostat statistics, in Greece around 82% of municipal waste is land-filled whereas the average in the European Union is 38%.
From strengthening the rule of law in Kosovo to working with the emerging powers to share responsibility for global governance, from promoting peace in the Middle East - and may I join Vice-President Biden in condemning the decision to build 1 600 new houses in East Jerusalem - to providing shelter to the surviving victims of Haiti's earthquake, which I visited last week, from dealing with proliferation problems such as Iran, to devising effective answers to 'new' challenges such as energy, climate change and cyber security.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to raise the question of the worrying situation in Mediterranean partner countries and the impact that this situation may have on our relations and on security and prosperity in the region.
Therefore, I urge members of the PPE Group to let us take this urgency session a little more seriously, or it will no doubt end up being completely pointless.
Petitions: see Minutes
Order of business : see Minutes
Does the Waste Shipment Regulation need to be revised or is it just a matter of enforcement?
Perhaps the Italian Government - in fact never mind the 'perhaps' - the Italian Government would have done well to take up the suggestion to amalgamate the referendum with the European elections and administrative elections, in order to save some hundreds of millions that could have been spent helping those affected by the earthquake.
However, by its active engagement in the situation which existed, the EU confirmed that the Balkans are an important region for us and are an integral part of Europe.
In terms of foreign direct investments, Mercosur is also a key partner.
Agriculture is enormously important for global food security and we therefore need to take action.
One of the great improvements in comparison to the first reading relates to access to the 112 European emergency number, and the obligation of operators to make caller location available without any derogation on the grounds of technical feasibility, at least for fixed and mobile telephone operators.
(NL) Madam President, in the safe environment of the European Union, we see faith and going to church as a private matter.
During the last Foreign Affairs Council, the Council of the European Union made it known that it wanted a Palestinian state to be created in the near future, within the 1967 borders and with East Jerusalem as its capital.
I am pleased to note that, in 2009, 56% of all investigations were either settled by the institution or resulted in a friendly solution.
It is not a matter of continually designating 536 new sites and using police violence to stop citizens protesting because they do not want domestic refuse that has been mixed with toxic industrial waste to be dumped on their doorsteps.
Residence permits in the context of victim protection and exemption from punishment if someone is caught stealing will be all the more of an incentive for someone to place themselves in the hands of the mafia.
We want to continue on the path of a pragmatic, intelligent and effective regulation.
(IT) (The speaker begins speaking with the microphone turned off) ... by which the new powerhouses of the world move, in my view, the transatlantic area still remains the most developed and efficient economic area on the planet.
However, we should not forget that businesses operate in the common European market and often conduct their activities in different Member States.
Today, Europe's taxpayers are thus perfectly justified in asking the European banking sector, and therefore the European banks, to make the efforts needed to allow the Member States' tax authorities to recover part of the tax income they are losing through evasion or fraud.
Firstly, on the subject of Syria, like Mr Verhofstadt, I would like to know what is stopping Europe from placing President Assad on the EU sanctions list?
- (LT) I congratulate the rapporteur and all like-minded people, who are challenging the threat posed by climate change.
Let us remember, though, that the CITES Convention should base its own decisions on results and on scientific data provided by the appropriate international bodies.
Employers and self-employed people should preferably replace dichloromethane with other substances or procedures, taking into account the relevant workplace safety legislation.
I ask you to give your support to the new Commission so that, with our ambition, we can turn the European dream into a reality.
Generally speaking, if chemical substances enter water, they destroy life.
Half a million people are still unable to return to their homes in South Ossetia and Abkhazia.
Before I close, may I once again thank all those present for contributing to this debate.
It rightly emphasises the fundamental importance of offering the Western Balkans a European future.
I assure you that the Presidency is going to following the issue very closely and pursue it at all levels when appropriate.
Finally, the demagogues of the extreme left who see the current crisis as a godsend for the revolution are totally incapable of meeting the needs of French and European workers.
(CS) Mr President, I, too, welcome the fact that the European Parliament, with its ban on the import of seal products into the European Union, has followed the example of the United States and Russia.
Despite the good harvest forecasts - the fourth in a row now - stocks at the beginning of the harvest stood at a low level.
We are confident that we can deliver the impact assessment within the time foreseen by Parliament.
As yet we do not have a European nuclear watchdog.
We have been at this for years and years now, and it really is a disgrace that we cannot sort out this problem.
Unexpectedly, of course, there was a discussion on the situation in Greece.
If not, would the Commissioner say why not?
Opening of the sitting
On the other hand, as after the Asian tsunami, we need to draw lessons from what happened.
It is a difficult pill to swallow that having blatantly disregarded international management of the mackerel stock and, in 2010, declared a catch of 100 000 tonnes, Iceland has the freedom to export its entire mackerel catch into the EU.
The other concern raised was about what will happen if we lower duties even further, and continue liberalisation.
We are concerned about issues relating to payments in the Daphne programme combating gender violence, and we hope that over the years there will be greater sensitivity, and that we will really take the gender perspective into account in each and every one of the operational programmes undertaken in the EU.
In order to make our strategy successful, we need to see the extent to which the structural and cohesion funds have been utilised, and whether and in which circumstances they contributed to the social integration of the Roma.
I urge this House to support the work of the CMP, and to support Written Declaration 10 which is humanitarian in its objectives and seeks to bring peace and remembrance and reconciliation to these families.
The Commission fully supports what the representative of the Council has just said, and I would like to add three specific points.
The debate is closed.
As for issues relating to the food chain, in particular, the powers to negotiate a better distribution of added value, Parliament has carried out some work, the Commission has issued a communication and debates have taken place within the Council.
You have seen the full spectrum of viewpoints here, from Mrs Gräßle from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), which is very settled in favouring these increases - including the EUR 1 500 - in order to safeguard its ability to work, to other Members, who have said 'We do not need this' or 'We need to evaluate much more precisely how the increases can be justified and provide ourselves with an overview, including of the individual committees and working areas of this House'.
So I think that we should look very seriously at this issue.
Following the crisis, however, these enterprises are increasingly faced with the problem of financing, as most of them are externally financed.
For us, it is truly a very important point that we should get this commitment that, if the situation in Turkmenistan deteriorates or fails to improve significantly, we can then have another debate on the issue of whether the trade agreement should be suspended.
That is a very important matter and I hope it will be implemented with the same zeal with which we implement our own regulations affecting our own fishing communities.
I think we also need to reconsider the working methods of such conferences and the roles of the world leaders who attend them.
In other words, everything must coincide: the humanitarian effort, so that there are no more needless deaths; the reconstruction effort, to restore as quickly as possible something resembling a normal life; the recovery of the economy, which is essential in order to generate resources in the long term; the strengthening of Haiti's budget capacity in the very short term; and the firm commitment to decentralisation.
At pan-European level, workers need to save EUR 2 billion a year in order to plug this gap in their insurance cover and ensure they have a decent standard of living once they retire.
They strengthen our relationship.
In no Member State do citizens have access to the files of the competition authorities - I just wanted to make that point.
The Presidency starts at a critical time for the European Union and I wish it well, but I confess I have misgivings.
A new global monetary system is emerging at an unprecedented speed, and the number of players is increasing.
We are also talking about that this evening.
Please check it.
The legal provisions are dangerously vague and continue to be open to misuse, which affects people of all faiths in Pakistan.
The specific existing programmes, like the Cooperation programme, the Ideas programme, the People programme and the Capacity programme, can and should enable the development of knowledge to enable our businesses to innovate more and enhance their competitiveness.
Mr President, I would like to move an oral amendment to paragraph 13.
Exclusion of certain countries from trade preferences (
(ES) Firstly, I would like to address the honourable Members from our partner, Spain.
There is suppression, war and violence against religious minorities, refugees are flooding towards us and too slow a start has been made in establishing the rule of law and democracy.
We wrote then that water must be considered a human right and that active policies must be developed to realise this right through forms of public-private cooperation, focusing, in particular, on local communities.
How can Pakistan even call itself a democracy when the freedom of religion that is granted by the constitution is completely ignored by applying the blasphemy laws, to which the late Salmaan Taseer was so opposed.
However, this survey also reveals the problem of half-truths that are still prevalent among the population.
Mr Sturdy also put a question with respect to a recent case, the so-called 'modem case', where the Commission had, in fact, looked at three aspects: the dumping, the subsidisation and also the safeguards.
Moreover, the learning of foreign languages is crucially important.
The Council and the Commission both kept reiterating that a ban on offspring would be in contravention of World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules.
The Treaty of Lisbon and the consequent creation of the post of High Representative indicate the conviction of the Member States that there is a real need for promptness, coordination and convergence in European action in matters of foreign and security policy.
We must now return to it.
In the Hungarian minority schools, the language of instruction is exclusively Hungarian.
During this debate, however, we should not forget about traders, who expect regulations which do not place an excessive burden on them.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first an appeal from the heart: Parliament has only one seat, and that is Strasbourg.
Indeed, it is vital to ensure a stable policy framework until the mid-term review of the Europe 2020 Strategy in 2014 for Member States to have enough time to implement the necessary reforms.
The proposal on the table today concerns one of the core values of the Union, namely solidarity.
What does the Commission intend to do in terms of exerting pressure on the Member States to actually fulfil their obligation in this regard?
Statistics are absolutely vital.
I must admit that I have specific expectations of this Presidency.
I believe that the proposals made to us by the Commission are fairly positive and that the proposals to amend the text that we are tabling adopt the same approach, guaranteeing independence, above all in the case of the use of web pages, and the need for references, in other web pages that are used, to any information in these web pages, so that this use is not complicated and there is sufficient additional information.
They have defended their ideology even with their lives.
The European Parliament, which is so sensitive to violations of human rights and the rights of minorities, must make a statement on this matter.
Our Irish fellow citizens also realised that the European train does not wait indefinitely for those who miss their appointment with history.
However, I would like to draw your attention to the complexity of the current situation.
Innovation must not be swallowed up by research.
If one has to deal with governments and countries about specific issues, one cannot choose whom to talk to.
As regards the timing, we can say that most of the national systems were developed in the early 1980s but their deployment is a long and costly process.
The end must consist of a huge mobilisation in cultural terms, and it must start in Europe and in Parliament.
In Spain, the system of autonomous regions is a very good example, despite a few Basque extremists who deserve our condemnation.
There has been a very constructive atmosphere and I think this shows the necessity for the European Union of achieving this and also the interest on the Turkish side in reaching an agreement with us on re-admission.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is another subject on which the discussion very quickly reveals that strong emotions are involved, on the one hand, but also stark realities on the other.
in writing. - (DE) The Sri Lankan army is acting with the most brutal severity in its war against the Liberation Tamil Tigers of Ealam (LTTE) with absolutely no regard for civilians.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission (B7-0208/2009) by Mr De Castro, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the crisis in the dairy farming sector.
For example, we believe that it is important to invest in young people, research and innovation and in green technology.
In relation to the progressive displacement of domestic production by more competitively priced imports from China, we can see negative social effects, which especially concern those regions that have for centuries specialised in the manufacture of clothes.
France is one of the countries of the Union with the highest birth rates.
There have been reports of several people being wounded and killed in clashes taking place across the country between the police and people demonstrating against President Mubarak's government.
What is this coordination like?
The Europe of 27 is stronger now.
We can send out a positive message tomorrow, namely that we are able to make citizen-friendly and sensible amendments to our legislation when it is necessary to do so.
Absorption rates, in terms of EU payments to Member States, are now at 21% for the Cohesion Fund, 22% for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and 23% for the European Social Fund (ESF).
As concerns the protection of nature in this region, it should be pointed out that there are, of course, an especially high number of sensitive areas.
At producer level, on the other hand, price stability is required because business activity involves significant capital, which requires heavy investment.
We are at a critical juncture with the country.
It bases itself on universally recognised infringements of international rights and principles, which are well-known to all and have been applicable at least since the Nuremberg trials.
What I cannot accept is that containers are lost due to shoddy workmanship, or to containers being overloaded or incorrectly stacked, or because of a laissez-faire attitude to this problem by the industry at large.
Information and communications technologies are a key instrument in this respect.
Our experience is that 25 years of Portugal's capitalist integration in the EU demonstrate that the promised progress is never achieved.
The resolution approved today is a first step in the right direction.
I welcome this because I think that the European Arrest Warrant is very well understood by our fellow citizens, and is a crucial test in showing just what Europe is capable of in order to consolidate justice in Europe.
In spite of its shortcomings, a temporary committee has been the right way to deal with a horizontal issue like this.
Following the vote in the Committee on Fisheries and during the Spanish Presidency, I negotiated the initiative with the Council.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I would like to welcome Mrs García Pérez's report.
In this respect, and bearing in mind that the creation of unitary patent protection is not included on the list of areas of exclusive competence of the European Union, the present recommendation relates to the possibility of enhanced cooperation in this field.
Therefore, if we do not want anyone to accuse us of those double standards, we should treat everyone equally.
Given the close result, both camps will have to make compromises.
We have to save their personal integrity.
The people of Haiti need real development aid, and this should be ensured as a matter of priority through the international deployment of building and public works teams and of appropriate equipment, so that they can actively participate in the urgent reconstruction of the public and private buildings in the country, starting with the poorest neighbourhoods, towns and villages.
This situation is making it necessary to strengthen mechanisms which are effective in fighting the crisis.
Essentially this report addresses two fundamental issues - a timeline for the transition, and the cases and procedures for withholding authorisation to hold negotiations with third countries, which the Commission gives a Member State during the transitional period.
What is worse, the differences between the individual countries of our region are greater than those in the 'old' EU.
However, there are plenty of countries where such principles do not exist, where working conditions are poor, and where no guarantees exist for workers.
During this parliamentary term, Parliament has adopted 389 legal acts in the codecision procedure.
I voted for this resolution because I am in favour of the EU support for Tunisia's economy in the form of loans and subsidies that would offer Tunisians the prospect of skilled jobs, as part of a genuine development contract to foster local and foreign productive investment.
In the preselection procedure the Commission rigorously applied the principle of equal opportunities on the basis of the applications that were registered.
It offers a small increase and that is a reasonable compromise.
It is incomprehensible that Prime Minister Netanyahu has refused appeals from all of Israel's allies to stop the settlements.
Volunteering is a gratuitous and unpaid activity, but this does not mean that it does not generate any costs.
Europe has a major role to play in the resolution of this conflict, but an agreement for lasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians can only be achieved, in my opinion, with the creation of a viable Palestinian State, recognising and recognised by Israel.
We need to increase transparency by optimising the work of the institutions and by means of more extensive communication, while at the same time ensuring that these measures do not increase expenses.
This should not be the case and a dishonest assessment of the Lisbon Strategy is, I believe, one of the problems which we must resolve.
This new system will be important for ensuring Europe's autonomy and independence from other global navigation systems and enabling it to claim a share of this booming worldwide high-tech market.
In any case, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe supports this motion for a resolution.
It allows titles published in four countries to be scanned and made available against payment.
So, as the report implies, the Treaty's new provisions on national parliaments will be fully in tune with the trend of recent years, and I think will reinforce the European parliamentary family still further.
If it has not, can you explain why no such request has been filed by Greece?
On the subject of subcontracting - Article 9, which was the subject of discussion between Parliament and the Council and within the Council itself - your rapporteur would have like to extend liability to the whole contracting chain, as the Commission had originally proposed.
Nevertheless, it is not as easy as paragraphs 2, 10 and 13 of this resolution suggest.
The Ferreira report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance, which consists of six reports resulting from months of negotiations.
This is the second highest percentage in NATO after the United States of America.
It is also in the interest of the victims to have a speedy trial so that their rights are respected.
I expect the Commission to work very objectively and impartially and, in time, to draw conclusions as to whether Sri Lanka has actually deserved this preferential treatment under GSP+.
What does that mean?
Thus, in paragraph 4, there is room for possible extra-territorial impacts of this constitution.
To date, only one partnership agreement has been signed, and its voluntary nature means there is a high risk of it being circumvented and evaded in some way.
We agree with the creation of a strategy for the Danube Region, based on an earlier consultation and cooperation between the countries and regions that are located along its course.
Does the Council not see the dead end into which you are directing this matter?
I must say here that I continue to have confidence in Vice-President Barrot.
That is why I voted for this proposal, and it is to be hoped that the Commission will make a corresponding proposal for an amending budget for examination and adoption by the budgetary authority.
In recent years, it is, in fact, young people who have felt the effects of the crisis most acutely.
Perhaps we should return to the matters of origin marking and uniform sizing, as mentioned by Mr Caspary, at a later date.
This report examines the role of the EU as a global player in international bodies.
We know that these initiatives are not covered by the Treaty of Lisbon and these are some of the reasons why we are opposed to this treaty.
We must bear in mind that when poultrymeat is sold as 'fresh', the consumer expects that it has never been frozen before, even quickly, which is a guarantee of quality for the consumer.
The key issue is that they are committed to the European project and not to their own national governments.
The report calls for the Commission to present a strategic plan for introducing binding minimum standards at EU level for these priorities, including penalties for Member States that do not comply with the objectives.
I have already started considering possible measures which will ensure that our high-level food and feed safety system will become even more efficient.
I want to refer particularly to aerodromes because it is important that we bring these establishments under the umbrella of sensible European legislation.
I deeply regret the recent events that took place this January and March in Jos, where hundreds of people were the victims of religious and ethnic confrontations.
I hope that in the future, too, during the forthcoming stages of the legislative process, the Commission will continue to pay particular attention to producers and consumers, who have undoubtedly been heavily penalised because of the structure of the market and the recent crisis.
Those who did not cause this crisis but are the most affected urgently need help.
I called upon the European Commission then to take firm action.
Documents received: see Minutes
The new harmonised rules will ensure transparency, legal certainty and a reinforced internal market.
Regional policy at EU level needs, above all, to create added value and produce new enterprises, and, consequently, employment for people.
(The sitting was suspended at 11.50 a.m. pending voting time and resumed at 12.05 p.m.)
But it is true - and I have to admit this here - that we are lagging behind in meeting the targets for energy efficiency.
We believe that with the anti-NATO demonstration on 20 November, and the general strike called by the CGTP-IN for 24 November, the Portuguese people will move the struggle against these policies up a gear.
Indeed this latest stage of the financial crisis is proving increasingly systemic in nature, which calls for an equally systemic response from the European Union.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - Mr President, Azerbaijan is an important partner of the European Union.
Before the vote on Amendment 28 (concerns the vote on Amendment 27):
I would like to take this opportunity to say that horses can understand humans.
In particular, I welcome the creation of a Climate Fund.
In the context of the Europe 2020 strategy, young people's knowledge and skills are essential if the objectives of smart, inclusive and sustainable growth are to be achieved.
Of course the complexity of the issue in certain Member States has to be considered, but I repeat that this will be a very significant point of debate in another process.
Therefore, I will read out the new proposal: 'notes the European Council conclusions that the EU and its Member States are ready to contribute with fast-start funding of EUR 2.4 billion annually for the years 2010 to 2012; stresses, however, the need for information on participation and contribution from the EU budget during 2011 and 2012'.
Are we saying that the UK is axing child benefits and university funding, postponing school-building schemes and making other painful cuts just to fund more champagne and oysters for the European Parliament?
2.
Another important consideration for the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance is the fact that the Commission has committed itself to reporting, within six months of the start of the Voluntary Partnership Agreement, on measures taken to enable and maintain an ongoing dialogue between the stakeholders and civilian communities, including local and indigenous populations.
That is why the Commission is focusing its efforts mainly on strengthening the institutional powers of microfinance operators.
This is something that we will do in cooperation with the other institutions.
Once again I would like to thank the Commissioner.
We are seeing frightening intentions whereby some are trying to phase out these policies and, in particular, to reduce the common agricultural budget.
When we talk about Europe 2020, what are we talking about?
Portugal has excellent healthcare and cannot remain on the sidelines of this important project: the country must take advantage of this directive to modernise even further and must compete in terms of being able to provide services in this area to all Europeans in need of them.
Secondly, we should also ensure that these organisations do not in any way become agencies because, if they did, they would of course be subject to the interinstitutional agreement on agencies.
- The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the 2010 progress report on Croatia.
I fully agree that the ILO is the cornerstone in producing ILO standards and making reference to them in the international discussion is of key importance.
The capital requirements will be especially burdensome to PE and venture capital.
What is really happening in the world is that Europe is failing to cope with the economic crisis, the environmental crisis and the financial crisis.
It would be a fatal mistake - and it is one made in some energy policy decisions - to give those who actually have to invest the money, namely companies, too little room for manoeuvre and too little support.
It is a very important uprising and, as for those who are making out that we cannot hear the voice of the Turkish Cypriots, now they really will hear their voice.
Commissioner, you have made much of healthy and active ageing and I am proud to highlight the work of the Mullen Mews scheme in Belfast, which has driven off international competition to win awards for its social inclusion and improvement of the lives of those who live with dementia and their families and carers.
The directive is intended to offer patients a choice which is based on their needs, not their means, and which is informed, not made under duress.
I was present at all the ceremonies that I could attend marking the deaths of President Kaczyński, his wife and all those that were killed in that tragic accident.
The Commission must set binding minimum standards at EU level that require the involvement of local, national and European authorities alike.
(HU) An ever-increasing number of scientists in the world are saying that a severe oil, water and food shortage will develop simultaneously by 2030.
Those attempts have been systematically blocked by other countries.
This was already recognised and the legal base provided in the Lisbon Treaty.
I am sure that we want this to happen.
We established, among other things, that by 2050, the EU's emissions need to be reduced by 80-95% compared to 1990 levels.
Composition of committees and delegations: see Minutes
This resolution stresses Parliament's neoliberal positions on the Doha Round, which began in 2001, albeit with an occasional reference to social issues and the Millennium Development Goals.
I also concur with the notion that the European Union should assure not only its own security, but also that of its neighbours.
In accordance with the principles of the Europe 2020 strategy, which are to be used in national programmes, the main aim is to create permanent jobs.
At present large volumes of young cod that have just arrived in the Baltic Sea are being dumped.
The agreement will also strengthen cooperation on environmental matters by requiring compatibility and interaction in the field of green technologies and fuel and air traffic management.
The claims made on television by a young Libyan woman that she had been raped by Gaddafi's troops shook the general public.
He also stressed that in response to the crisis, we should come together, including in economic affairs, and make decisions together, which is just the opposite of protectionism, and I, too, stressed this in my speech.
It is quite clear what the common thread is between Soviet socialism and National Socialism.
I am sure that the Member States' decision to insert the label within the framework of the European Union will contribute to increasing its visibility and prestige, so as to realise the objectives of cohesion and solidarity among European citizens.
There are various reasons why the ratings were not adjusted adequately in a changing market - reasons that cannot all be prevented by introducing new rules.
the militarisation of international relations and internal security on the basis of the aforementioned fight against terrorism;
It is such a major trading partner that anything that would help us move and work closer together is very welcome.
However, I should like to emphasise that the Belgian Presidency is firmly committed to moving this process forward.
However, we do not agree with the powers that this proposal for a directive gives to the European Commission, particularly the possibility for Commission departments to carry out 'checks on emergency stocks and dedicated stocks' in Member States.
This calls for ambitious reactions, which is what we have been doing, both on trade finance, multilateral negotiations and bilateral negotiations.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
(ES) Mr President, the most important thing, and that which is uniting us here today, are the victims, because nobody should feel as unprotected as we, the European consumers, feel at the moment.
Those concerns have now been partly dissipated, not least due to Parliament's work on the attached regulation on the safeguard clause annexed to the agreement and to a clarification by the South Korean Government on the amendments to internal legislation on carbon emissions.
As an Austrian, I very much look forward to seeing Joe Weidenholzer here and I hope that we shall be able to welcome him here as a Member of Parliament as soon as possible.
We have heard the same words over and again that we need to ensure that Israel does this or does that, but we need the real leverage to make that happen, otherwise Israel will simply ignore us, as it continues to do.
This letter also confirmed the Commission's intention to send Parliament a detailed report on the project's first year of operation, and preparatory work on this has begun.
That is what I have done every single day since this crisis began, with what happened in Albania, with what happened in Belarus, with what we did on Sudan, where our special representative led a task force and where Véronique De Keyser saw for herself on the ground what Europe was doing.
There is no doubt that Europe's history has a lesson to offer here.
It is truly imprisoned in the eurozone.
Establishment of a financing instrument for cooperation with industrialised countries (
1.
We are passionate pro-Europeans, but this is precisely why we are extremely disappointed by the people that you have presented us with and by the quality of these people.
What we also need now is much greater social sensitivity and responsiveness amongst politicians.
This resolution is an important reminder of the fact that we need to continue the fight against the death penalty.
So I think it is only fair that someone who can speak and urge Members to speak in favour of the resolution should be able to do so.
The working papers, acts and agendas of meetings should also be made public so that they can be consulted by the general public, elected representatives and entities for which the group's work does not have immediate implications but which will be affected from time to time.
The accident in the Gulf of Mexico should not be a reason for closing similar installations around the world.
The citizens of that country could not be persuaded to relinquish part of their sovereignty in favour of a bureaucratic structure named the European Union.
On the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, there is another wall very close to us acting as a barrier to freedom.
That is what it is about.
in writing. - (DE) In overall terms, the German Free Democratic Party (FDP) in the European Parliament supports the waste disposal directive.
The result of this closure - which has had the inevitable tragic economic and social consequences, which it is always necessary in this and other cases to guard against and alleviate as much as possible - is that anchovy stocks have been recovering, making it possible to start exploiting them again.
We need a discussion on it in this House.
Growth is the basis for economic and social activity.
I expect that we shall continue to work in this area and that more reports and results will be presented to us.
Financial aspects are also taken into account at the level of EU cofinancing of up to 95% of the costs for those electronic devices, to help the stakeholders to use the new technologies.
Of course, banning political parties is generally a bad idea, although there are exceptions to that rule.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my support for Mrs Buitenweg's work.
The introduction of corporate governance may increase European citizens' confidence in the stability of the financial system, but the markets are reacting by bringing in their own mechanisms and the role played by the rating agencies must not be underestimated.
In my opinion, the Commission should take the steps necessary for coordinating implementation of the action plan and securing progress in EU policy areas related to GNSS applications.
However, taking into account the restricted scope of this regulation - it will concern only the law applicable on the matter of international divorce - it is also essential to answer the question as to which court has jurisdiction to decide in a particular case.
Such incidents should no longer be encountered in future.
At the same time, I fully support the opinion of Mrs Reding and Mr McCreevy, and also what was said today by Mr Kallas, that digitisation of works protected by copyright must fully respect the principle of copyright and the fair remuneration of authors, so that they can benefit from access of the wider European public to their works to the greatest degree.
Forests are an important source of livelihood and well-being within our borders.
Mr President, honourable Members, the Commission welcomes your proposal for 20 weeks of maternity leave.
Incidentally, the same thing is happening in many of the EU Member States.
Also, marriage and family values as defined there go beyond the reality of people living in Europe and in Hungary, and it is not the rule of diversity that we have.
The financial crisis started, and they asked the citizens to trust them.
I believe, I trust in you, Lady Ashton.
What is more, EFSA itself has decided to issue new assessment guidelines.
It means tackling an important part of the reform, from within the European Union, that is going to guarantee the sustainability of the seas, fishermen and part of the planet.
It is my duty to highlight the fact that double standards cannot be applied in the European Union.
I fainted and was taken out of the crematorium.'
It will have to have measurable targets, not a lot, but a few that are the closest to something we would like to achieve: the best proxies for what we would like to pursue.
However, we must ask why a normal principle and a normal right, which are enshrined in the treaty, are not being recognised.
The promotion of entrepreneurship will allow citizens themselves to play a real part in our economic recovery.
This is the same flag and anthem that you said had been dropped after the French and Dutch very sensibly said 'no' to the dreaded EU Constitution.
There are other amendments we cannot accept because they go beyond the scope of the Commission's proposed changes, but in some cases, such amendments nevertheless point to important issues that may well be addressed in another context.
EC-US Air Transport Agreement (vote)
The production of natural manure, liquid manure and slurry, furthermore, is not something that belongs within the scope of this directive.
This visit demonstrates that the forum for the European peoples, this Parliament, is exactly the right place to present the outlook which you, Prime Minister, have described to us today.
There is zero increase.
It is of paramount importance that we define very clearly what is meant by fraud because the use of this term means an act of deliberate infringement. We are talking about corruption in the proper sense of the word, whereas mistakes are unintentional.
The European Council must face up to its responsibilities and carry forward, as part of a decision taken at the UN involving the Arab League and the African Union, the project to impose a no-fly zone so as to prevent Colonel Gaddafi's air force from massacring his people.
In countries where corruption is rife, it is not difficult to acquire the right documents for a fish exporter.
The latter objective is an important milestone for the competitiveness of European textiles in Europe and the world.
This is a good basis on which we can build.
Awareness of the relationship between the incidence of various diseases and the quality of food consumed is becoming increasingly common today.
In particular, I commend the Commissioner for what he has done.
Because it is all about the future.
Unfortunately, the text contains provisions which are unacceptable from the perspective of religious doctrine.
We know that as a result of the financial crisis, we should temporarily offer more scope for supporting the banks.
We had believed that our successes in past decades had eliminated the threats related to this serious public health concern.
The second matter relates to another proposed amendment which extends the competence of Eurojust beyond that provided in Article 4 of the Eurojust decision.
Situation in Burma, particularly the continuing violence in Rakhine State (
The evaluation of the political situation in Turkey, including reforms which are planned or have been carried out, repeats the Commission's evaluation contained in the Regular Report.
(FR) Madam President, yes, we will have to emerge from the Afghan trap into which we fell because of the policy pursued by George Bush.
It is important to stress that the operational role has shifted from the regions to the provinces, to allow for the development of a plan meeting the various requirements of the region.
The dioxin contamination appears to be a consequence of the failure to adhere to the more rigorous processing standards needed for animal feed, as opposed to the less demanding process used to convert rapeseed to biofuel.
Finally, this is one of the areas where we have demonstrated the capabilities of the ESDP in recent years.
Worldwide credit unions have reserves in excess of USD 1.1 trillion, with almost 180 million members worldwide.
This is what this resolution, which I lend my support to, calls for.
In other words, authors will make money from publishing even a single page of their own books on the internet.
And then those safe products are sustained in production by proper quality systems, not just for the toy itself, but for all its suppliers.
As Mrs Malmström just mentioned, this includes the compromise on free legal assistance, in particular, for the special protection of minors.
It is called a horizontal agreement because it creates a solid legal basis for a number of aspects of civil aviation between the two parties, by replacing the traditional bilateral agreements with provisions for general and uniform implementation across the entire EU territory provided for in this agreement.
Enlargement is another major element.
The scope for additional or other kinds of majority is virtually non-existent.
Basically, we are talking about the quest for a healthy, acceptable balance between security and the protection of privacy.
Rather than being a problem for one country or another, this issue and its serious consequences have now become cross-border in nature and clearly deserve a response at European level.
Therefore, the EU should take concrete action to end impunity for perpetrators of sexual violence against women and children.
The European Union and the US should work closely together to implement the outcome of next week's G20 Summit, including developing compatible approaches to reforming the regulation of the financial sector.
It should also be borne in mind that inadequate pensions may lead to a decline in consumption and, because of reduced demand, to economic instability in a country.
Therefore, we have the network of ombudsmen that I coordinate in order to be able to send the complaints to the right institution from the very beginning so as to avoid problems.
Predictions of events in Sudan are nothing but crystal-ball gazing.
Corrigendum to the minutes of the sitting of 5 May 2010: see Minutes
I would also like to thank Mr Swoboda for the good cooperation on the Croatia report.
Labour Euro MPs opposed the rapporteur's amendments to weaken the committee report, including a lower requirement for representation of women, a slower timetable for action on pay reform and less information on staff pay.
These funds are responsible for the management of a significant volume of assets invested in Europe and can exert a notable influence on the markets.
However, if the maternity clause were removed, what a difference that would make.
I have upheld this resolution because my conscience as a human being leads me to fight for the abolition of the death penalty.
We very much hope that Parliament will show the courage and the readiness to combat discrimination of women, and further equality with concrete measures that might actually bring results, by voting in favour of this report.
The Foundation's budget for the year 2009 was EUR 20 200 000, which is a decrease of 3.8% from the financial year 2008.
On a personal level, I want to thank the Commissioner personally for his active involvement in this, not just here in Parliament or with me personally, but also for going to Limerick and meeting the workers.
We shall now proceed to the vote.
International humanitarian law must be respected by all the parties involved in the conflict, and the EU's objective must be to ensure respect for these principles.
Retaining the two-pillar model guarantees that farmers will continue to receive a fixed amount in the future that they can rely on.
We have not yet won the war, but we have won an important battle.
In the more permanent agreement and once the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force, there will eventually be opportunities for the European Parliament to take an active part in shaping this.
Secondly, can the Commission guarantee that there will be no introduction of third-party liability on the part of Internet service providers for the content that they transmit?
It persistently infringes the principle of subsidiarity.
At present, more and more food is irradiated in order to make it last longer.
On the other hand, however, we must give Parliament the opportunity to fulfil all its duties and responsibilities which these same taxpayers have entrusted to it through the Treaty of Lisbon.
This work has allowed us to reach agreement at first reading and furthermore, has been an excellent running-in process for the codecision procedure that will be standard practice in our committee in the near future.
All other geopolitical considerations must be set aside.
If you have a single permit which does not do what it says on the tin - i.e. it does not have a reasonably broad-based approach to entry for third-country nationals to the European Union - you will face problems of equal treatment, of a two-tier work force and other problems that we want to solve with common policies.
However, specific measures need to be strengthened and I had to abstain.
We believe that this can really get to grips with the Monti-Kroes package in a constructive way.
The inspection of industrial fishing units is also mired in controversy.
Indeed, the award of the Sakharov Prize in 2008 to Hu Jia showed the world how seriously we MEPs take the issue of human rights in China.
This resolution contains numerous new elements.
This is not only because 100% of our markets had to be sacrificed for the benefit of foreign food imports in exchange for a small fraction of the agricultural support granted to farmers in old Member States, but also because of the subject of today's sitting, exaggerated bureaucracy and the awful administrative burdens that indeed, as it has been stated a number of times, prevent Hungarian farmers as well from actually doing their job - that of farming.
Member States were, in any case, required to involve researchers, university academics, NGOs and civil society.
Yet, still, this House has its fair share of Chávez apologists, like Mr Higgins: perhaps because Chávez reflects their virulent anti-Americanism and their resentment of the success of President Uribe in neighbouring Columbia.
Can we really take ourselves seriously if we first adopt a resolution and then say, as the previous speaker put it - now let us send someone on a fact-finding mission to find out how bilingualism is under threat.
Agenda of the next sitting: see Minutes
Measures such as forcing employers to check third-country workers' residence permits and the financial and criminal penalties provided for employers highlight the efforts of the Community and Member States to coordinate their immigration and illegal labour policies.
Nobody has given the European Union authority to act in these areas.
The portal should have access to legal databases and to judicial and non-judicial electronic means of appeal.
Their work is important in terms of guaranteeing reliability and stability, but there are doubts as to the rules and the criteria on which their ratings are based.
It is necessary for all interested parties to participate.
My response to all these kind messages is: in the land of surrealism, of Magritte and the Smurfs, nothing is impossible.
Credit requirements directives: Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC - Community programme for financial services, financial reporting and auditing
They crop up in many places in your report, whether about nationality and related rights, individual and family rights or the right of property, and as you know it very often happens that people who petition Parliament about their fundamental rights end up being disappointed.
Reforms, however, must be consolidated.
Perhaps a campaign informing people of this will help you, as someone who supports finding a resolution to this dilemma, by asking questions and making proposals which will meet with the support of society.
Piracy on the Internet is an extremely topical issue these days.
Could you please have your discussion outside of the Chamber?
In addition to that, it was agreed to distribute between all the IMF's member countries, in proportion to their quota, special drawing rights amounting to USD 250 billion.
(LV) Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to give a very positive assessment both to this report and the plan to use Community financial assistance for projects in the energy sphere to aid economic recovery.
Despite the fact that this activity is viewed in very negative terms in France, it is not entirely illegitimate for interest groups, whether commercial, social, trade unions, etc. to make their points of view and expertise known, especially to the less knowledgeable civil servants and elected representatives.
Tibet is a reflection of the human rights situation in China, as well as the situation of human rights defenders like Hu Jia, Sakharov Laureate 2008.
This new form of cooperation is intended to support the efforts of Member States in the fight against cancer.
I agree with the proposal that a very clear distinction needs to be maintained between the remits of military and humanitarian bodies, so that military resources and capabilities are used only in a very limited number of cases and as a last resort, particularly in those regions affected by armed conflicts.
(DA) Mr President, since Turkey banned the Kurdish DTP party, many party members have been arrested, including democratically elected mayors and former members of parliament.
I am voting for this joint motion for a resolution.
It is also unclear how the calls for more data protection are to be implemented in practice.
The interests of consumers are clear. They would very much like to have quick and easy access to the content on the web.
Of course, realistically, it will be difficult to reach an agreement in Nagoya, but I would still like to wish the European Union and the Member of the Commission all the best.
The low turn-out at the EU elections speaks volumes.
In fact, it is the matter of the succession of the king that is being called into question.
For all these reasons, I support the Buşoi report on SOLVIT.
However, the rest of the report, in my view, flatly contradicts that assurance.
We must not succumb to that temptation.
Instead, we call for a fundamentally different approach to tackling social challenges.
This approach must be based on the norms of international law, with respect for the states' integrity and sovereignty, thereby avoiding any authoritarian trends.
I also believe fair returns should be ensured in the agricultural sector, as it is only possible to stimulate productive systems that are sustainable and ethical if farmers are duly compensated for the investments and commitments that they make.
There have been demands for the Presidency to act to make the documents available, as has been possible since the 2001 amendment to the Regulation on transparency - which states that the public shall have access to all the documents relating to ongoing international negotiations.
We saw that most recently from the last time that Russia turned off the gas.
I hope that will be a way of having more commitment from the European Council for a strengthened mechanism of governance of the European Union 2020 Strategy.
Consequences in the European Union of the dioxin animal feed incident (debate)
When the time comes, I hope the IHF will make the right decision.
Moreover, if a report on the non-deployment and planned use of resources is only required for next year, this takes only limited account of the concern expressed by the European Court of Auditors regarding the repeated cancellations and delays in procurement procedures.
I have to say that neither Qimonda management nor employee representatives have approached the Commission.
(LT) The consequences of the volcanic ash crisis had a negative impact on the transport system of all of Europe when ash from the erupting volcano forced the cancellation of more than 100 000 flights and disrupted the journeys of 10 million passengers.
In fact, the parties in power are attempting to isolate and even exclude them from local political and administrative life.
I think that we must ensure that cancer screening is accessible to as many people as possible so that achieving the target number becomes feasible.
This is more than a question of justice; it is a question of common sense.
On the basis of the text agreed for the ΕΜΑS, organisations and companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises throughout the world, will have access to a simple and effective eco-management system.
Mrs Damanaki, my staff and I have noted your contributions and your constructive proposals and I shall be happy to return to these in the coming weeks.
It is not the end of a process, but it is an important step in the process of achieving a common climate policy.
I will not try to impress the Members of Parliament with the speed of my speech but with the commitment which I am very clearly making here that the Commission is very much interested in having the best possible close cooperation with the Ombudsman.
His demand has been completely disregarded: there is no timetable, no strategy and no political will on the part of rich countries.
The disparities are growing between these countries and the rich countries of Western Europe. Furthermore, these countries' capacities to generate economic and financial incentives remains at such a low level that it is almost negligible.
We think it is important therefore to maintain the strength and prestige of the euro.
In all these cases Italy has had to intervene, although our reception centre at Lampedusa is by now well beyond its capacity, as we all know.
There was clear support for the legitimate aspirations of the people of Egypt and clear confirmation that the Commission stands ready to step up its assistance to Egypt and its people in this transition.
Legal protection is therefore vital in terms of health, accommodation, safety, working time, living conditions, salaries, medical care, and thus employment contracts and social security.
The second question that I will leave with you - I apologise for going slightly over time - is: when are we going to stop imposing a development model upon others, whether this be first or second generation, that is, whether first or second hand, upon the rest of the world, as if it were a development model that should be applied to everyone?
Generally - with only a few exceptions, to judge by the audits that we have already seen - we can say that the institutions at issue are using the funds made available to them properly and meeting the objectives proposed for them.
We are also looking at negotiation directives for an association agreement with Georgia and with Armenia and Azerbaijan.
The Council President, the High Representative or the Commission President?
Of course the work has to go on, and we still have difficult decisions ahead of us, not least in the coming weeks in June.
It is intended to bring about a significant improvement in the joint institutional framework of the EU and the Republic of Moldova, to allow closer relationships to develop in all areas and to strengthen the political association and the economic integration, while introducing mutual rights and duties.
I believe that substantial funds need to be allocated to the economic and social development of these communities.
The Treaty on European Union seeks to recognise and foster relations between the institutions and European politicians, on the one hand, and civil society, EU citizens and representative associations, on the other.
However, the impact of this essential investment will be limited unless we provide our young people with opportunities.
To what extent is the EIB aware of these criticisms, and to what extent is the EIB actually looking into such criticisms?
(ES) Madam President, I voted for the resolution and also for the amendments to bring in the Tobin tax.
It is prompted by a requirement to make European Union support programmes consistent in order to provide better guarantees and a good balance between national and EU schemes.
It is necessary, in order for serious negotiations to get under way, for those settlements to stop.
I have a very specific question to the Commissioner from the perspective of school buses.
General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean Agreement Area (
Or that there are still Member States which, against all the rules and all the principles that we stand for, ask people for an HIV negative declaration before they allow them to enter the country, even within the European Union.
Thank you.
I believe that we could have gone further than we did today.
However, I regret the shortcomings in the management of the fixed assets' inventory identified by the Court of Auditors but note the Agency's assurance that this will be remedied in the 2010 accounts; considers that uncertainty about the location of fixed assets is another illustration of the problems and additional costs arising from using two sites.
(FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I congratulate Mr Brok and thank him for the excellent report - I would even call it a remarkable report - that he has presented to us.
No.
Furthermore, if the volume of speculative capital transactions, such as the credit derivatives at the origin of the crisis, were somewhat reduced, it would really help to consolidate the balance sheets of our banks.
These arrangements will be binding and Parliament will make sure that they are complied with.
- Before the vote on paragraph 3:
It is now close to the end of the Spanish Presidency, with five weeks to go.
The social and political developments that have taken place in recent years in most Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) member states encourage the promotion of human rights and the fight against all forms of discrimination, including those based on gender, sexual orientation or religion.
As an MEP and citizen of the EU, I believe in the fundamental importance of a person's right to life, and children must be the first to be protected.
Mr Swoboda, Mrs Wallis, Mrs Harms, Mrs Roth-Berendt and Mr Rangel also took part in the work, and I would like to thank them very much for the outcome of the negotiations.
The tyre of a car - I am not sure if you are aware of this - accounts for 20% to 30% of a car's total fuel consumption.
We will carry on looking for a mechanism that could be used without changing the Treaty so as to deal with the most pressing issues.
I therefore want to thank Mrs Stihler for this excellent report.
The consequence of the crisis, for me, is definitely the fact that banks are necessary and the services they provide are necessary.
The aim of overthrowing Saddam Hussein was not to bring about the lack of tolerance of Christians that we are seeing now.
Our social market economy must be hardwired to seize the opportunities of the future.
Close monitoring, both of the types of waste incinerated and the harmful substances arising as a result of the process, is an important condition for the safe thermal utilisation of waste.
Over 85 000 people are currently living below the poverty line in the European Union.
Men are just as much fathers as women are mothers, as well as being workers, and thus they are entitled both to professional achievement and to raising their children from birth.
(RO) I welcome the initiative supporting the European Parliament's resolution on the major natural disasters which have taken place in the autonomous region of Madeira and the effects of the storm Xynthia in Europe.
The approval of the Commission has an eight-year lead time.
The number of people affected by depression and other civilisation-related diseases, caused by stress and the pace of life, is markedly increasing.
'Member States are responsible for the organisation, content and reform of school education'.
He was referring to the use of suicide bombers and the deliberate use of civilian human shields to protect potential military targets.
In addition, I think the Agency does a very important job and I support the recent efforts made to involve the public more on important environmental matters, such as climate change, biodiversity and the management of natural resources.
Finally, shocking figures are reaching us from Iran.
Here, I would like to praise the determination, if I may say so, of Mr Diamandouros, in his efforts to obtain the information that he is completely entitled to request.
This will provide consumers with more comprehensive and truthful information than under current legislation on origin marking and avoid them being misled.
It must however follow the polycentric development of the European Union as a whole, taking account of the characteristics of each region while preserving their diversity.
We are well aware that there can always be strong doses of populism and demagoguery surrounding budgetary issues, and we repudiate these.
Community ecolabel scheme - Voluntary participation by organisations in a Community eco-management and audit scheme (EMAS) (debate)
The European Union's position in the global market in this sector must be enhanced.
I think that at a time when all countries are struggling with financial difficulties, alternative investments, if they are properly understood and properly used, can have a beneficial effect and contribute to an improvement in the economic situation.
The Council and the Commission were aware of the potential problem.
I think that would be a mistake.
The Commission supports and supplements Parliament's campaign to put in place information measures to increase public awareness of these elections and to call on citizens to exercise their electoral rights.
First of all, allow me, as a Greek MEP, to tell you that Greece will make it.
Let me also comment on the discussion on the eurobonds.
The Commission will take all the initiatives required for an ongoing and fruitful dialogue at all levels, including amongst the Presidents of the institutions, in order to draw up a common plan that will allow for the necessary decisions to be taken.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, a short time ago I heard some very serious and even slanderous statements made by a Maltese fellow Member against the Italian Government and Minister Maroni in particular.
It is primarily a moral issue rather than a political one, a matter of returning property to its rightful owners: 1 411 estates originally belonged to Italians.
Every suspicion that human rights have been violated, by any of the sides, should be checked.
It is clear that, if there is a need for greater production on the market, there is a need for investment in agriculture.
We will establish a minimum capital requirement of EUR 125 000.
Today Sweden is a country that appreciates and takes a positive view of EU membership.
For products of animal origin to be of good quality, good quality feedstuffs are essential - this is the most important factor - as well as suitable living conditions for the animals.
10.
React: namely, leave behind the celebratory tones of euro-propaganda in order to take practical action on the problems besetting EU citizens, ensuring a direct link between training and market and territorial requirements, and changing young people's perception of manual professions.
However, it is also important for us to strengthen our contacts with Turkey when it comes to the Black Sea region and to include Turkey in our common European foreign and security policy.
The relations between the EU and Ukraine have always been very close and based upon a constructive dialogue.
With climate change as the beginning and fires and floods as the result, the Commission should place particular emphasis at the Copenhagen conference on preparing a strategy to prevent and deal with natural disasters, determine the budget needed to cover the prevention and avoidance of natural disasters and therefore strengthen this exemplary EU forest fire tactical reserve unit.
It also requires analysis of the experience we have gained, for example, from the EUR 1 billion Food Facility adopted by the Commission in 2008, and also from the work that the Commission undertakes closely with the FAO and the World Food Programme to ensure that bumper stocks are pre-positioned in order to soften the blow of rising food prices.
We welcome that the Tibetan side has reiterated its firm commitment not to seek separation or independence.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Thirdly, we need a new generation of binding energy interdependence clauses.
I believe that it is urgent and vital for the European Union to engage effectively in ensuring better conditions of economic sustainability for fishermen, within a framework that can safeguard the specific features of each region and that recognises that a different approach is required for small-scale fisheries.
Religious tolerance needs to be promoted both by those that hold political power and at grassroots level.
We can be that, but it is also possible that other economies like America, China, or India will take the lead, so we have a choice to make.
I understand all the historical injuries of our Latvian friends, since they were subjected to terrible assimilation during the Stalinist Soviet era.
Because when a young woman gets married in Kenya, in return for her hand in marriage, her father receives cows in payment because cows are the currency.
We have reached the second reading with changes which are no more than a tug of war between Parliament, the Commission and the Council, a power struggle resulting from the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
All these dangers can be restricted through setting up national control bodies and cooperating with Internet service providers to block child pornography websites or materials.
Now more than ever, we need smooth coordination of markets and hedge funds and better supervision.
The Agreement would contribute to an improvement in productivity of both partners' agricultural sectors and help to bring food prices to a fair and relatively stable level for citizens.
Since 4 November last year, foreign NGOs' personnel have not been allowed access to Gaza to deliver and monitor humanitarian aid properly.
The adoption of preventive measures such as export licensing requirements and customs registration enables the European Union to take care to avoid the proliferation of weapons, especially weapons of mass destruction.
However, our relationship with the Commission is tremendously boring.
This agreement removes that barrier through the accession of the Principality of Liechtenstein to Schengen.
The reported idea of selecting a Commission of 26 Commissioners plus a High Representative for European Foreign and Security Policy from the 27th Member State is just one possible way in which this issue could be dealt with.
There is no guarantee that these authorities will do anything better.
The financial crisis is not making things any easier, but we must view this crisis as a dynamic challenge.
The problem may be that our cohesion policy has no cohesion with other EU policies, like competition, market liberalisation etc.
The Treaty of Lisbon has introduced far-reaching changes to the area of common trade policy.
The Millennium Goals must be achieved in Africa by 2015 by means of further initiatives.
Current events show that the European Stability and Growth Pact is not very efficient and has failed to prevent several Member States from encountering serious problems in their balance of payments and in paying off their debt.
Building on this work, the Commission will present a European Union framework for national Roma integration strategies in April.
Your assent to the new EU-Tajikistan Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, which is before you for debate today, would therefore represent a major step forward, allowing us to widen and deepen our cooperation with this country.
The version voted on by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development was quite satisfactory; the version that has emerged from the trialogue inexorably penalises working conditions in the sugar sector, whose export allowance is touching on the merely symbolic.
I agree with the six experts who performed the assessment, that they could not clearly prove harm to children from these substances, because in simulating exposure, they use water and not children's spit containing lactose.
Our Committee is in favour of regional cooperation.
We need binding objectives, not general statements.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
Community statistics on trade between Member States (
Member States should voluntarily share this information with the Commission as quickly as possible.
I want to bring the broadest possible consensus and exclude nobody.
I will put on the same footing the rejection of the single permit, by which the European Parliament rejected a proposal that was far too discriminatory towards foreigners.
(DE) Mr President, Mrs Schroedter, this is your perception of the issue.
The third is that it causes less pollution.
Nevertheless, it is impossible that banknote printers will be the only ones to profit from this crisis.
I wish to congratulate the European Parliament delegation for the efforts it made and the success achieved.
It goes without saying, therefore, that, in practice, these rights have been incorporated in the objectives of the EU's various areas of policy.
I welcome the Commissioner's clarity about the different missions of the Asylum Support Office and Frontex.
I would like to say in response to the question from the honourable Member that the Council will discuss this topic again in June this year.
That brings me to the last key message.
Therefore, it is important for Europe to subscribe to scientific research and support TBVI (the Tuberculosis Vaccine Initiative) so that large-scale vaccination can have a positive effect towards the elimination of tuberculosis by 2050.
We also have a request with regard to the EU.
I am getting angry and I am sorry for that, but this debate is slowly getting on my nerves.
We support the creation of the new financial instrument of the micro-finance programme for employment and social inclusion which, in cooperation with the European Investment Bank, will improve the availability of loans precisely for self-employed people and small start-ups and family firms.
I am sorry that Yulia Tymoshenko lost the elections.
It must not be raised by having a high proportion of citizens in Member States and a high number of Member States.
Crime, and organised crime in particular, has never been held back by borders or border controls.
This will be a matter for both Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots.
In other words, we want an agricultural policy that moves away from industrialisation and greater concentration and from purely competition-based market policy.
They do not ratify them and they do not implement them.
in writing. - (RO) I voted for the report on the citizens' initiative.
Comprehensive agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can provide substantial benefits by offering passengers and freight operators improved services - in terms of both variety and cost - while allowing airlines new opportunities and a competitive edge.
the report by Mrs Mathieu, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy for the financial year 2008 (SEC(2009)1089 - C7-0261/2009 - and
Once again, I would like to draw attention to the most important things upon which the results of our aid to Afghanistan depend.
An overwhelming majority of the public are finding this difficult to understand, and they are increasingly refusing to accept such powerlessness.
I would like to thank the Members of Parliament and you, Mrs Ţicău, for your good cooperation in recent months and also for the unusually quick adoption of the directive.
When it took five days to organise a videoconference among Union ministers, I can only congratulate you on your sense of humour, Mr Barroso. Why, though, is it time to act?
It is the only way of bringing this disastrous crisis to an end.
As a transitional phase, we need to find an agreement that can apply for a short period until we have the new Treaty of Lisbon in place.
First, we need to overcome the imbalances resulting from the increasing divergence between life expectancy and retirement ages.
Certain existing Members of the EU are exhibiting strange behaviour, to say the least, treating the EU as a sort of dumping ground for their problems without worrying too much about the common interest.
In the European Union of 27 countries of different sizes, there should have been some flexibility within countries so that all could be included in the provisions.
The United Nations has declared 2010 the International Year of Biodiversity.
In this respect, the Treaty of Lisbon gives elected assemblies a more incisive role that they must make the most of.
in writing. - I voted in favour of the new College of Commissioners.
The next item is the report by Mrs Swinburne, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on regulation of trading in financial instruments - dark pools, etc. (2010/2075 (INI)).
They lobbied one government after another and they said that printer cartridges can be regarded as consumables, not as waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE).
In Ireland, for example, there are 50 000 listed carers to cater for Ireland's 44 000 sufferers.
(Applause)
Finally, my last piece of news: in connection with today's debate on preparation for the European Council on 4 February, I would like to inform you that on 8 February, or in other words next week, a meeting of the Conference of Presidents will take place that is open to all Members of Parliament.
Now there are real deals to be had at bargain prices.
We should use such resources to help these workers, therefore, in the form of training, reorganisation and real development towards a new, green economy, one that is low-carbon and relies less heavily on fossil fuels.
The year 2008 also saw the beginning of the world financial and economic crisis which devastated the European economy.
In adopting this resolution, the European Parliament, the voice of European citizens and democracy, is sending a clear message to the Chinese authorities: that eradicating and subjugating one culture to benefit another is an act that is not worthy of any truly great and modern country.
Thank you for your attention.
She hears heavy steps behind her, but only has time to register the fact that someone is following her.
Therefore, we must talk specifically about the crimes which are being committed and renew our appeals.
It contains specific measures for the Baltic Sea, such as requirements for safe winter navigation and reinforced ice standards for ships.
That needs to be made explicit, and not implicit.
After weeks of increasing harassment over his role in monitoring the practices of Syria's Supreme State Security Court, he was in the end arrested by the Syrian state security and later charged with several criminal offences, all referring to his right to free speech.
This means competitive disadvantages for the European Union, so the time has come to a legislative revision in line with the present market relations.
Also, assuming you have read the current Hungarian constitution, the new Hungarian constitution adopted in April, can you name constitutions which contain more and farther reaching articles on environmental protection and future generations than the new Hungarian constitution?
We could become almost entirely self-sufficient in energy resources and we would see a significant net job creation through the decarbonisation of our economy.
Parliament's vote today clearly shows the unease that is felt in this House, of which half rejected this demagogic approach, preferring a more responsible approach advocating the adoption of asylum systems that are effective and workable in practice.
The Single Market for Europeans is primarily about jobs and creating other new ones, which will help develop an environment in which businesses and citizens can fully exercise their rights, A more ambitious approach is needed on the proposal relating to the Posting of Workers Directive, aiming at a revision of the directive which will ensure, along with the economic freedoms, protection of the most advanced labour law and industrial relations standards and practices, as well as respect for the rights of collective representation and bargaining, collective action, including the right to strike, and the full implementation of the principle of equal pay for work of equal value.
Today, we need to add the new text to those already adopted.
Ladies and gentlemen, I support Mr Onesta's report, but appeal to you to consider two issues when considering petitions.
We have always been a committee with strong participation.
Thirdly, simplification is indeed one of our priorities for energy and innovation, and in this case, for research.
Is it the security of the Congolese civilian population, the women and children?
This is the right way of ensuring that our partnership brings real benefits, in particular, for the citizens.
There is no mention, even in the section on the protection of minors, of the need to safeguard those very children against the actions of enslavement perpetrated against them by some Roma heads of family.
Therefore, the release of Farai Maguwu lies in the interest of Zimbabwe itself, and I hope the authorities will listen to our appeal in this matter.
The social protection policies to be embarked upon must also bear in mind the living conditions of migrant women employed as seasonal workers in agricultural businesses, particularly with regard to the need to guarantee these women suitable accommodation, medical insurance and adequate sanitary facilities.
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission on US subpoenas and EU data protection rules.
There are no longer any formal excuses to abstain from them.
In view of that, the European institutions could provide a strategic opening, despite the current difficult situation.
The Commission welcomes the introduction of a new 12-day rule.
Every six months, you see a prime minister standing here, presenting the programme for their Presidency.
I referred to the visa system earlier.
Europe is not there to legitimise national practices that violate fundamental rights.
There are also other areas that should have an equivalent in the budget, such as that of justice, freedom and security, and there is a need to react to events in the Mediterranean too.
That is the only reason that the EU is getting involved in the matter at all.
(DE) Mr President, as is well known, it remains open to doubt whether the Iranian nuclear programme is really intended for peaceful purposes.
The people's interest lies in opposition, in breaking with the anti-grassroots policy of the EU and the European Parliament which supports it and in overturning the euro-unifying construct.
Let me mention the elements of this joint approach, which reflects the statement adopted.
These cohesion funds will directly support sustainable energy projects in the region, and will help to mobilise further national investment.
Events over the last few months - continuing market volatility, the need for further financial market reforms and the need for a determined consolidation of public finances - have only increased the clarity of this choice.
The main effect of this wage disparity is apparent at retirement age: because they have earned less throughout their working lives, women also have lower pensions.
Why is the European Central Bank silent on essential medium-term funding for Irish banks?
On behalf the Disability Intergroup, I am delighted that the 1.3 million people who signed the petition calling for an extension of anti-discrimination rights to disabled people have had their call listened to.
It is therefore clear that the health of this sector of the European economy is vital to the EU economy as a whole.
I would like some clear answers on these issues.
In my view, the Union must ensure that they receive that support, and promote their full recognition by society.
This report, which I supported in plenary, clearly demonstrates the developments in the agricultural world, which bring with them new challenges for the future.
The Commission must be vigilant and strengthen the market surveillance of imports.
(Applause)
Over the last six months we have made much progress, for example by developing the Baltic interconnection plan.
If you consider the excessive number of amending budgets, you could get the impression that the EU is incapable of planning.
Turning to the specific question of the safety of freight wagons, particularly maintenance of their critical components such as axles, the European Railway Agency has created a task force composed of experts from industry and from national safety authorities, which has already met on three occasions.
Thank you for your support for the resolution.
However, he was more concerned about his impression that, particularly in recent months, also in connection with the murder of Salman Taseer, the Punjab Governor, many people have shied away from the challenge of the extremists.
in writing. - Despite the disappointment of Copenhagen, the EU cannot allow the lack of international consensus to slow down our own efforts in effecting a sustainable energy policy.
When it comes to the existing directive, too, I checked whether these measuring instruments were still in use and, as it happened, the response every single time - for example, from my wine growing association, which I asked about alcohol meters - was that such items of equipment certainly are not used any longer.
The resolution on the Second European Roma Summit, which takes place in Córdoba on 8 and 9 April, expresses concern about the discrimination suffered by the Roma in education, housing, employment and equal access to health care systems and other public services, as well as the astounding low level of their political participation.
The ambitions could not have been reinforced more strongly.
Of course, Lithuania, like other EU Member States, must devote somewhat more attention to the problem of under-age smoking.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
It promises to keep the markets open.
If we look at Europe's housing stock, we can see that, on average, the required refurbishment for each dwelling - from windows, to active and passive insulation and right down to appropriate electric equipment and appropriate improvements to heating systems - would amount to EUR 30 000 to 60 000 per dwelling.
Your role must be not only that of a facilitator, Mr Van Rompuy, but of a driving force behind this Europe, and we appeal to your democratic and pro-European sensibility to ensure that this new impetus will bring benefits for this Europe.
In local authority areas, towns and municipalities in the regions, different players are working closely together.
Parliament is going to acquire proper law-making power and will be able, along with the Council, to make decisions on measures, in accordance with the codecision procedure, aimed at encouraging and supporting the actions of Member States in the area of crime prevention.
This common cause includes increased cooperation in Afghanistan, far more intensive integration with North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) missions and submission to American demands to share bank data of European citizens via the SWIFT agreement.
We are, of course, also in favour of a study being carried out of how we generally label textiles in the EU and we have been involved in putting forward proposals to this effect.
I have a series of questions for the Commissioner.
I voted 'in favour'.
Albania, since the 2009 elections, has been going through a prolonged political crisis.
It belongs within the Community, if that is what it wants.'
This would be unacceptable, because there are many challenges and missions to be tackled.
We hear that there are some troublemakers - including in this Parliament - who are already starting to fish in these troubled waters.
(EL) Madam President, I wonder if the economic crisis can be resolved with measures at the expense of the climate.
And then you look at ICCAT, the International Council for the Conservation of Tuna.
In the report, I drew attention to the fact that many sectors of farming, and the livestock sector in particular, are experiencing real financial hardship at this time, and there is now an urgent need to lower the burden, both in terms of time and cost, imposed on farmers by unnecessary and disproportionate regulation from the common agricultural policy.
This was mainly because, in my view, many points in the report run counter to the principle of subsidiarity, such as on the matter of quotas.
I thank the rapporteur for her work.
British taxpayers are fleeced to the tune of GBP 6.4 billion in direct payments to the EU annually and we are still denied our referendum.
I was simply making legitimate - and indeed valid - political comments with which the ALDE Chair disagreed.
The appropriate modalities for recruitment are now agreed, and appropriate expertise can be brought into the External Action Service.
It seems to me that calling upon the junta to respect freedom of speech, freedom of assembly or human rights in general will not be enough.
To begin with, I should like to welcome the efforts that have been made by the European Union to eradicate poverty in developing countries.
Long-term investment in the green economy, in scientific research and in infrastructure is absolutely crucial to economic stability, job creation and growth, and I cannot support this package of reforms which seeks crippling austerity across Europe.
The third aspect I would like to look at is the link between the oceans and inland waterways.
In contrast, my role is in dealing with complaints, helping complainants uncover maladministration and attempting to put it right.
The Union therefore needs a financial instrument that allows for the financing of such measures.
(RO) Madam President, I would like to mention that, even at the start of this debate, the Commissioner was talking about the successes of the European social model.
During a crisis, it is particularly important to support young people by, for example, helping them find their first job or set up their own business.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is essential for Europe to ensure a fair balance between the need to support a vital sector, in other words, the agriculture of Member States, and the need to strengthen Europe's international trade policy.
I personally strongly oppose the privatisation of water.
And I know the names of the 18 brave young men from my constituency who paid with their lives for this madness in the last year alone.
Trade policy cannot ignore failure to respect workers' rights and, therefore, the development of society may continue only after these shortcomings have been removed.
I am particularly concerned about the situation that micro-businesses find themselves in.
Supportive measures are what we are here for.
Moreover, we are enabling 12 countries that have the right to rearrange their situation in this Parliament, because they have an agreement with the entire European Union that they should have greater representation than at present, to exercise that right.
I am sure that in the context of this discussion, the House would wish me also to congratulate Mr Kósa on his election to the Intergroup chair.
People are still being killed, so what we are saying is not neutral: what we are saying can help on the ground.
This means that it is not just an issue for Frontex because, after all, it is necessary to guarantee that these people will not be returned only to end up in a Tunisian prison, and it is necessary to persuade the new government to repeal this law.
(RO) Mr President, I, too, congratulate our fellow Member on the report. I want to thank her for accepting our amendments made in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy.
Therefore, I welcome and support the steps leading to the development of a coherent and comprehensive strategy for the Danube Region at the European level.
This has led me not to vote against it, but rather to abstain.
The linguistic and cultural diversity of the European Union is a huge competitive advantage.
Experience fortunately shows that the fund can be used by anyone, regardless of whether a large or small country or a large or small firm is involved and this was our original intention.
If that is what we are being asked to think, it really is unbelievable.
Consequently, the potential for cooperation between the European Union and the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council goes beyond trade, extending to fields such as science and education.
In 2012, we must improve the situation of young people.
We Europeans must finally seriously come to terms with our shared responsibility for these grave violations of human rights.
Given the directive's improper transposition by Member States, I would hope that you will give this issue much more weight than is indicated by your programme in the area of freedom and security.
Whether other similar initiatives are started will depend on the results of this pilot project.
Thirdly, more information is needed on the catches of other non-EU countries operating in the area, so that we can accurately establish the real fisheries surplus that Mauritania can offer the EU, while also ensuring that the fishing opportunities negotiated are in line with the actual needs of the fleets.
The following points are crucial, however.
The Europe 2020 strategy aims to do this, and it is based on the commitment of the Member States to tackle certain objectives through a series of integrated guidelines.
Finally, may I pay due thanks to the enormous and supportive work which I have been given not only by the secretariats, but by the tabling services.
The European Court of Auditors (ECA) and the European Parliament have been calling for effective, efficient control of the budgetary resources for years, and numerous attempts and suggestions have been made by the ECA, in particular, seeking to ensure that the Commission uses these resources appropriately and economically.
Austria then revised its law on EIAs, which I think is the most important result in this individual case.
Mr President, it is really interesting to hear how some Members are very irritated by this famous one voice being challenged and the whole status quo being challenged.
The Hungarian Presidency intends to present and discuss the communication with the two Commissioners during the next Roma platform on 7 April in Budapest, to which I invite all who are interested.
For there were many pessimists, including in this Chamber, who thought that we had to wait for the UK elections, or even stop waiting for the ratification of this treaty altogether.
He tries to portray himself as a benevolent father of his own people, even claiming that he has no formal role in the state hierarchy.
Unfortunately, Turkey has also failed to sign various European and international agreements - the Convention against Torture, for example.
The press is a key feature at the centre of democracy and is undoubtedly a necessary and indispensable instrument for the defence of human rights and for denouncing cases of human rights infringements when they occur.
The action plan is backed up by a substantial financial resource of just under EUR 500 million from the Commission until 2013, plus a EUR 100 million renewable energy loan from the European Investment Bank, as well as commitments to deepen our trade and political relations.
Firstly because freedom of speech is a fundamental human right, as laid down in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Kenya is a signatory.
It is important that Parliament supports a realistic yet ambitious reform so as to build the monetary union on new foundations.
I am also pleased at what both Commissioner Piebalgs and the President-in-Office have said about there being a will to reach an agreement.
Sustainable energy - that means infrastructure and we need money for that; foreign policy - the Arab Spring: what has been the European response?
It will enable other states to join, including a link to Great Britain and Ireland.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - Madam President, the Internet has changed the world as we know it.
The European Commission is proposing through the Motor Vehicle Block Exemption Regulation to remove the current exemption in the automotive sector and introduce general competition rules.
The EU has always focused on helping developing countries, particularly the ACP countries.
This will open the way to a highly desirable clean-up operation in this area.
However, we would like to stress that, more importantly than having common legislation at EU level for combating corruption and fraud, each Member State needs to put the fight against fraud and corruption into practice.
The promotion of green technologies at Community level does not only involve finding an alternative solution to the energy crisis, but also boosting economic growth and creating new jobs.
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education. - Mr President, I should also like to congratulate the rapporteur and, for the first time in my 10 years in this place, to congratulate the Commission on both its proposal and on the compromises it came forward with later.
There have been crimes on both sides.
The European Union cannot allow itself to turn a blind eye to all of this.
That probably also represented a defeat for the European Union.
As a result of this, the local authorities directly responsible for this matter will have both the opportunity to and interest in strengthening their cooperation with all those interested in the sustainable development of transport at local and regional level.
Tax competition, like every kind of competition, is good for the citizens and the markets.
Despite this, I have voted against the resolution, because we received it yesterday as a finished text and were not able to debate it seriously and because the devil is in the detail.
The report points out too that events in the Caucasus and recognition of the independence of both enclaves, Ossetia and Abkhazia, cast doubt over whether Russia really is ready and able to build a common area of security in Europe together with the European Union.
Taiwan does not pose a threat to the EU in any way and the abolition of the visa requirement will benefit trade relations with the EU and will also promote closer cooperation with regard to culture and research - important areas for all of us.
We need a plan B, as has quite rightly been said, and the rail system is the alternative.
The ENPI country programmes underpin the implementation of ENPI action plans and reflect the ambition of the EU and the partner countries.
I am referring here to the removal of the prime minister appointed after the Maputo Accords, the withdrawal from the negotiation process with the political groupings and the recent decision to hastily organise elections without taking into account previous agreements.
I am referring to the Swedish Presidency which, at the time, did what it could in order to be able to submit the agreement, but that was not legally possible because some of the language versions had still not been translated.
I hope that other, subsequent Presidencies follow your example.
Therefore, as highlighted in your resolution, this semester will be crucial for Croatia's negotiating process.
My simple wish was for the text to be read, studied and analysed, and then for us to be told what could be wrong, what kind of doubts or concerns might arise with respect to the text, or indeed with respect to the interpretation of the implementation of the law.
The proposal in question serves the interests of both parties, as the rapporteur explains very well, and I therefore voted in favour of the proposal.
I find myself unable to vote in favour of some of the amendments and I therefore voted against the report as a whole.
Continuing to hurl abuse at each other about the historic responsibilities of the different parties seems to me to be a perfect example of such futility.
Your words also show how important it is to you, across all the parties, to act in a foresighted and precautionary way on this subject rather than to react afterwards once a disaster has already occurred.
In addition to imposing obligatory minimum stocks, it is important, in our view, to strengthen the mechanisms of solidarity with Community regulations, in harmony with the Lisbon Treaty.
Thus, we are certainly among those who offer the Czech Presidency particular support and do not intend to attach too much importance to teething problems - the rather one-sided initial position on the Gaza conflict and the Czech President's view that social and environmental standards are too high have already been mentioned.
Its main task will be to demonstrate each day the added value of the European project to all our fellow European citizens.
They are at the heart of cohesion policy and have a strong territorial dimension, which requires tailor-made solutions and policy support.
In the case of passenger security checks, this balance has already been lost and, therefore, as the hysteria surrounding terrorism subsides, the regulations will once again be relaxed.
Today that was once again not the case.
That is why we are now completing the feasibility study on the basis of which we shall dare to look into the ranking of universities, the mapping of universities and the standards of universities in order to give students more informed choices.
The document gives a guarantee of a high level of consumer protection in all the Member States and will help clarify areas of confusion in retail trade conducted between businesses and consumers from different countries.
For that reason I have foregone the photographs.
Different national requirements for the project partners often make cooperation and the implementation of specific, sustainable projects more difficult.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is not only a debate among Italians: this debate is, first and foremost, about Europe.
We had invited quite high-level experts such as Nobel Peace Prize winner Rajendra Pachauri, and experts in science, research and, of course, politics.
The World Trade Organisation will continue, via the Doha Development Agenda, to improve conditions for global trade and investment by applying clearer rules.
Romania was intending to introduce energy certificates for property transactions starting this year, but the decision to approve the draft regulatory act has been postponed.
Another point that I would like to make is that, while the provision of food aid by the US and other countries might seem like a welcome initiative, it has decimated Haiti's agriculture and food security.
Voting time (continuation)
These values are criteria for accession.
On the other hand, any increase in the Community budget will be channelled towards funding the anti-grassroots policy and action of the EU, such as the newly adopted mechanism of the European External Action Service to facilitate the EU's politico-military imperialist interventionist policy.
Food security is identified as a central issue in the communication on the common agricultural policy towards 2020 that was adopted on 18 November by the Commission.
Nevertheless, in December 2010, the Greek authorities provided an action plan according to which all the legal landfills will be closed by the end of June this year.
Firstly, we owe it to those who suffered as result of totalitarian crimes not just to remember their experience at the hands of overbearing and unaccountable state regimes, but also to confront the past collectively.
The debts in question were run up by the regime in Khartoum, and no one can say that these debts served the people of the South well.
The European Union's financial contribution under this Fisheries Partnership Agreement is its highest contribution.
Composition of political groups : see Minutes
Energy security assumes at the same time diversification of sources and transport routes, as well as highly efficient interconnection between Member States, which is currently being worked on through various projects, with European financing for the gas pipelines between Romania and its neighbours, Hungary and Bulgaria.
Of course, no citizenship of that kind has been attributed by referendum.
Of course, it is to be hoped that when we talk about the efficient use of energy it will not just be confined to Europe but will apply more widely.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - President Barroso, I know that the European Trade Union Confederation has already raised very strong objections about the detailed interference by the Commission in the Greek and Irish labour markets, riding roughshod over collective bargaining and social dialogue.
Therefore, the Commission considers that Member States must use all available legal instruments in order to guarantee the rights of individuals - including those belonging to national minorities - and act proactively against all sources of discrimination.
This report does not serve that purpose.
Now we come to the most debated issue.
Why is it that all we hear about is money?
We adopted the Hungarian Presidency's programme, we approved it and we heard some very positive speeches about what Hungary will do over the next six months.
In spite of the ban on making statements, they confirmed Mikhalevich's assertions in the hope of attracting the EU's attention to the critical situation in Belarus.
I am putting it slightly more broadly than the honourable Member did, but very deliberately so.
I would also like to highlight the youth-specific ESF programmes.
It is high time that they, too, received protection for their achievements so that they grow and become the major employers of tomorrow that our Union so desperately needs.
As it is important to protect consumers from 'hidden' advertising and similar problematic advertising tactics, I have voted in favour of the report.
The direct consequence of this expansion is a much larger volume of work, the quality of which must be to the highest legislative standard.
Recently, I have been struck by economic analyses that showed that countries with a strong industrial base had weathered the crisis better than the more service-oriented economies.
In this context, a number of issues were identified, some of which are already taking concrete shape in the Commission.
If, however, the EU wants to be a leader in the fight against climate change, it must present specific proposals and specific solutions, especially because part of the problem is our internal affair, as is the cofinancing mechanism.
Moreover, if support is calculated on the basis of wage costs, the jobs must continue for a period of three years from the project completion date.
For this to happen the Government must facilitate access to EU funds and simplify procedures.
This is true in particular for the areas of international fishery relations, data collection and scientific studies.
We must play our part in this by making further proposals in relation to flat rate amounts, etc. Here, too, it will be important for the Member States to follow our lead.
Therefore, for example, representatives of the Directorate-General for Energy should be recruited to the service.
How does the information which you have just given us fit together with what is obviously already in preparation on this site?
It will be clear to anybody listening to this debate just what differences there were between the groups and what a difficult process this has sometimes been.
Thank you.
Consumers have no confidence in cross-border commerce and companies face huge administrative and legal difficulties if they want to expand their activities in other EU Member States.
It is therefore essential that this significant section our energy supply not be taken hostage to fear and panic in the wake of the Fukushima incident.
You will appreciate from this presentation that next week's European Council has many substantial issues to address.
It is therefore extremely important for us to take wise decisions in order to safeguard energy supplies.
I support the rapporteur's proposal for increasing the percentage rate for the Community's financial participation so that additional assistance can be provided to the projects selected by Member States.
We are now talking about the second year of this 10-year programme.
This money will benefit unemployed people, people facing social exclusion or vulnerable persons who face difficulties in accessing the conventional credit market.
I would therefore urge the Commission to take note of the criticism expressed here in this Chamber.
In 2009, the CoR had commitment appropriations available amounting to a total of EUR 88 000 000 (EUR 93 000 000 in 2008), with a utilisation rate of 98.37 %, which is above the average of the other institutions (97.69 %).
(EL) Madam President, Mr Provera has done an excellent job and I congratulate him.
This is the position we want to see for our group, and we believe the commitment is here.
Article 26 of the Venezuelan Constitution is very clear, stating that the judiciary is independent and the President is the guarantor of this independence.
Is it right with respect to the citizens of Lithuania and other states?
The Commission services are currently preparing a Communication which would be dedicated to good governance in tax matters in the specific context of development cooperation.
Finally, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work he has done in drawing up this report, despite the obstacles the Council placed in the way of accessing certain documentation considered essential to achieving this.
There is a need for a new Treaty for a new era.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the ever-growing and increasingly widespread uprisings that we are currently seeing in the Mediterranean certainly show a strong desire for democratic participation, above all, from young people, who are being pushed on by Facebook and Twitter towards a different world that is more responsive to their aspirations.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, since the beginning of my mandate, redress has, as you know, been high on my list of priorities.
The use of the Community method rather than the intergovernmental route makes our governance more democratic.
My concern with this report is that it is a missed opportunity.
This means that Parliament has an even greater role to play in speaking openly about human rights and about the fact that they are being broken.
I well remember many meetings with Commission officials when we were told that a ban would be simply impossible.
However, we do not do so with great joy because, as I think has been expressed in different ways by all the groups in this House and by the Commission, this proposal does not go nearly as far as is necessary.
However, many of us think that you cannot be a candidate for re-election to the same Commission, but rather to a new Commission in order to start a new era in which we are confronted with many more and much tougher challenges.
I want the delegations on the ground to be an umbrella, able to support the work of the European Union in all its different elements, as it is represented to third countries, as it works with third countries.
The Commission has outlined the measures we think are urgently needed in our Energy 2020 and energy infrastructure communications.
However, it is ready to make a commitment on cooperation with the European Union on the fight against impunity, in particular, on those crimes defined in the Rome Statute.
The EU prides itself on health and consumer protection but in the Maltese Islands, the price of medications has spiralled for no justifiable reason.
The international financial crisis has shown just how interdependent our economies are.
The analysis of the report on 2009 competition policy shows that the economic crisis, which started in 2008, may have had some effect on this very policy, not least because the Member States have provided aid to their respective economies in different ways.
We have met this evening to discuss the Commission's proposal to help Pakistan in the aftermath of the flooding.
... active dialogue between the Council members should also be pursued between sessions.
For our voice to sound credible, today we should have adopted two amendments put forward by the European Conservatives and Reformists Group to distance ourselves from the ruling of the European Court of Human Rights on crosses.
Therefore, we vote in favour of this report.
Mr President, the fact that Libya was a member of the UN Human Rights Council tells us everything we need to know about this discredited and politicised organisation.
Well done for this initiative!
Request for the waiver of parliamentary immunity: see Minutes
I think that, at the moment, with the recent review of the State aid rules, it is quite clear what is possible and what is not acceptable.
We began late and we will finish late.
We need smart meters now.
The motion also congratulates the country on the anniversary of the Ohrid Agreement, which remains the cornerstone of its inter-ethnic relations, and calls on the government to foster a comprehensive dialogue between the ethnic communities.
Our action must be united and consistent in view not only of the risks but also of the need to diversify our resources.
That means that nuclear installations which do not conform to the standards, which continue to fail to make the grade, should be closed down.
I would like to emphasise how important this report is as the European Union's 2012 budget will help revitalise the European economy.
The liberalisation agreement between the EU and Morocco should be an emblem for the development, the stability and the economic recovery of the entire North African region.
Given the ongoing concerns about security in this House, can you assure us today that you are taking these matters seriously, and that the so-called review being conducted in secret by Parliament's Bureau will not merely be a tinkering exercise, but a root-and-branch reform of security?
The ones who profit from this are the large food manufacturers, the lobbyists, but certainly not our citizens.
Neither the granting of visa-free travel nor accession can have any requirements other than the fulfilment of the criteria.
An opt in is not allowed under every country's national constitutional law and it also contradicts the principle of the adult consumer.
Perhaps what happened to the Coptic Christians in Egypt made us sit up and take note.
Our task was ambitious because we had to find a consensus on the measures laying down the foundation for a strong and modern Single Market which would contribute to future growth and which would, above all, meet the expectations of our citizens and enterprises.
I think that clears that up.
Secondly, there must be a clear and strict purpose limitation in line with earlier resolutions, and we insist that data be used only for law-enforcement and security purposes and on the basis of very precise definitions of what that is: organised international crime and international terrorism.
The alternative tabled must be rejected and my report must be adopted, as occurred in the Committee on Culture and Education on 17 February, with 20 votes in favour, 3 against and 8 abstentions.
Still, Ratko Mladić needs to be brought to The Hague so that the families of the Srebrenica victims can be helped to deal with the past and embrace their future.
(HU) Madam President, the Socialist initiative can be described as having three main characteristics: it breaks the law, it is cowardly, and bears the characteristics of show trials.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we all want to help the people of North Africa to achieve their legitimate objectives.
Hopefully this year will be good not only for discussing poverty, but also for committing ourselves to fighting it and to renewing this political commitment at EU level and among the Member States.
in writing. - (RO) Member States must adopt a firm joint stance in order to improve the functioning of the European Single Market and prevent the return of economic protectionism, which would result in fragmentation of the internal market and affect competitiveness.
It is because the Russians now claim that this was an ordinary crime, in the same way that the murders of human rights activists are 'ordinary crimes'.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, a large potential for new exporting opportunities lies in the Asian markets that have high growth rates but also, of course, high barriers to entry.
This should all be found in this resolution.
Novel Food only deals with food safety and market authorisation.
That is an unacceptable risk.
In a well-functioning rule of law state, consumers have good reason to believe that the food that ends up on their tables and that they give to their children is safe to consume.
The next item is the vote.
It includes the obligation to set up an underwritten financial guarantee for each installation before the beginning of the operation.
There needs to be a comprehensive international plan for Afghanistan and Pakistan, but I have yet to see where the EU contribution fits into this wider, international commitment.
Parliament must do the same, and the Council has even proposed that Parliament should also think about savings in this respect and that they need to be made.
That will be the case, I think, even in spite of the fact that those beautiful islands are quite remote and milk has to be moved around between nine islands.
West of Scotland fishermen find it difficult to understand why it is that the Commission can say that it wants to eliminate discards and at the same time reject amendments to these technical measures.
My criticism still stands and I therefore think it may be interesting to look at the budget we now have in the light of this in particular.
In order to achieve our objectives, it is essential, therefore, to extend and modernise the European and cross-border energy infrastructure.
If there is anyone who still has the will to put an end to what the English call turf wars - one side fighting with gloves on and the other without - then I am sure that, if we all work together, we will be able to prepare ourselves well for what lies ahead.
Above all, every effort must be made, through financial inducements, to promote traditional, small-scale or organic farming, in order to ensure continuous food security.
The successful implementation of this directive would finally do away with the false image that has been promoted of the 'Polish plumber'.
We found widespread despondency and hopelessness amongst the people we met and in the areas we visited in Hebron, East Jerusalem and Ramallah.
There are really too many obstacles hampering citizens wishing to study, work or go and shop in another Member State.
On that basis, could I suggest we consider referring it back to committee?
It should be stated, of course, that Vietnam does not operate nor will operate for the time being any flights within the European Union.
Furthermore, with regard to complaints, the carriers must set up and activate a system for dealing with complaints relating to the rights and obligations referred to in this regulation.
I am glad that our resolution on freedom of religion gives the subject a broad interpretation and recalls the fundamental rights: the right to believe and not to believe; the right to choose a religion without being discriminated against.
The third point is that the necessary public funding should be guaranteed to enable us to tackle this problem of climate change.
We need to increase the budget.
Continuing to deny the great risks of using nuclear energy is not the best way to serve the public.
From now on, both the EU and Tajikistan will pursue a close political dialogue which will open the way for deeper relations in a great number of fields.
As Mr Swoboda mentioned, it is very important that we are also critical when necessary, and there has to be genuine leadership in a country.
I also welcome the Foundation's initiative to provide the European Parliament with the Internal Audit Service's Annual Internal Audit Report on the Foundation.
It provides, or supports, 1.2 to 1.5 million jobs and accounts for 1% of GDP, and this waste management and recycling sector, which operates by the rules, is also competing with, and put at a disadvantage by, these illegal shipments.
In the countries of the South Caucasus, in particular, there is much to do, especially since the region is repeatedly the subject of conflict.
To increase support for these projects, it is crucial to increase communication between those in charge of them and the general public, in order to create a direct relationship between these initiatives and European citizens.
At first sight, this is something entirely beneficial, but on further consideration, it is a very serious assumption to place European citizens under general suspicion on the basis of meagre circumstantial evidence.
Mr Verhofstadt's group, which is normally so pro-European, suggested rejecting the Commission's proposal completely.
Let us be very consistent in that and let us call on the Commission and the Council to pass on this message via all of our assistance programmes to the government and authorities in Afghanistan.
The ratification of the Protocol to the Convention against Torture is vital.
The next item is the debate on five motions for resolutions on South Korea - death penalty declared legal.
(EL) Madam President, this important 2009 report quite rightly states that violence is a fundamental obstacle to equality between men and women.
The Eastern Partnership and Euronest initiative offer a suitable framework for this.
I am quite sure we agree that the main problem we are confronting in this area is the social exclusion of our fellow citizens with disabilities.
Furthermore, the creation by France of a genuine exclusive economic area in the Mediterranean would make it possible to provide a sanctuary for resources while keeping alive small-scale fishing that is respectful of ecological balances.
Nord Stream has every likelihood of being a wholly unnecessary white elephant, and its protagonists should reconsider the project before more money and more resources, effort and energy are tied up in it.
Madam President, everything I wanted to say has in fact already been said, so I will limit myself to one question to the High Representative.
Although the legal grounds for effective protection of minorities exist, the political will to assert these is often insufficient.
It is therefore a means of saving money.
I was Environment Minister in my own country and I have not forgotten the efforts that we made, during my first mandate as Commissioner around 10 years ago, to begin to address this extremely serious issue with Parliament.
The introduction of the concept of multiple discrimination and the special attention given to the rights of the disabled mark a step forward.
It is about whether we basically consider motherhood to be merely an unfortunate obstacle in the professional life of women, who are at the mercy of the harsh conditions of the labour market, or whether society is able to provide women with the necessary protection.
These are questions that naturally require answers, which I am counting on receiving.
Mrs Takkula's report raises a significant social problem.
If we look at the specific support sums, we can see that the support package neglects Central and Eastern Europe, the very region which is most vulnerable in terms of energy supply.
(Applause)
Ours has become an increasingly obvious political role that must help us to overcome the party differences that divide us in our own countries so that we can achieve shared goals in the common interest of our peoples and ensure more justice, peace and safety in the world.
Support from the Presidency and the European Parliament will also be essential to ensure an agreement on the European Union Patent.
Is that a serious question that we are allowed to ask?
After all, over the last 30 years, we have seen power in Europe increasing in inverse proportion to the turnout of our citizens in the European Parliament elections.
It does not even include any of the Ramboll impact assessment findings.
Beyond these measures, I think it is important to remember the need to carry out a clear and concise investigation into who should be held accountable in this coup d'état.
At a time of considerable tensions within the EU, it is important to stick together.
(HU) I would like to welcome the Danube Strategy.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to stress once more the Commission's commitment to pursuing the progress we have made over the last years in order to further improve the quality of spending.
I would particularly like to confirm my support for the following principles: the need for a definition of engineered nanomaterials and the clarification that all such products require a case-by-case authorisation by the EU institutions; and the confirmation of the fact that food products from cloned animals are novel foods and therefore cannot be placed on the market without having been assessed by EFSA and authorised through a regulatory procedure.
People in Libya are fighting for the same values we share and we need to clearly take their side.
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, FDI came under sole EU competence, the main roles of which are managing current bilateral investment treaties (BITs) and setting out a European investment policy 'which meets the expectations of investors and beneficiary states'.
I would like to emphasise his dedication in dealing with gender equality, women's employment and similar problems.
Mr President, Commissioner, a genuine contribution to defending the interests of small and medium-sized enterprises would be to put an immediate stop to the so-called austerity plans that are stifling them, as is happening in innumerable countries such as Portugal.
We should make it even more practical and give greater assistance to Member States.
(The President cut off the speaker)
I will conclude my speech by asking whether the moment has not come for the Commission to provide us with a comprehensive report on public support to credit institutions, and in particular on all financial flows and on sovereign debt.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has looked into this matter intensively and has developed good proposals on the issue of female employment: inclusion in social security systems regardless of job status; the establishment of childcare facilities; aligning retirement pensions and social systems with independent living; and organising work according to 'good work' principles.
This report has been a long haul.
It has to be carefully evaluated in what areas the EU can complement national public enforcement and what is the right institutional structure for that.
These are the new talking shops.
(PL) Exactly the same arguments were made before the presidential elections, when we were wondering in this Chamber what resolution to adopt, and what our position should be with regard to what was going on in Ukraine prior to the presidential elections.
In view of this, I welcome the launch of various European industrial initiatives under the European Strategic Energy Technology Plan and I call upon the Commission to put the rest of the measures in this plan into practice.
Recognition of Israel's need for security and the validity of agreements with neighbouring countries are important cornerstones.
Over 150 million EU citizens live outside the euro area.
When I look at examples from the banking sector, where this process has taken years, then a shorter period than we had in some cases in Germany would certainly be appropriate.
That is why we should support this resolution.
The draft report we are discussing proposes certain additions and adaptations to the Commission proposal, which are necessary in order to clarify and supplement the logic of the regulation.
It must be said that today, there is too much uncertainty surrounding the issues of access to care, reimbursements and responsibility for clinical follow-up in relation to cross-border healthcare.
When I was observing the constitutional referendum, I said to the Serbs, I said to my European colleagues, 'look at Belgrade and these people, the Serbs - they are Europeans, and we should help them on the road to reform'.
Thus, consumers still have no way of knowing, whether, for example, the milk they are drinking comes from cloned animals.
It also means freedom to realise the ambitions of education and active participation in social and political life.
We therefore have to amend the sunset clauses in the migration instruments adopted in 2008 in order to prevent them from expiring.
This day presents an excellent opportunity for bringing the EU closer to its citizens through policies connected with consumer protection.
It is always the doctors' responsibility and we should not regulate it here.
There must be no thoughts of separating the ESF from the cohesion policy.
The firm appeal made by France, Romania, Bulgaria and Finland to the European Commission is certainly to be welcomed.
I voted in favour of more effective protection for vulnerable consumers.
We stand ready to help a new Libya, both economically and in building its new institutions.
For 22 days, he played in various locations in the ruins of Sarajevo.
They will vote for us to leave the European Union and begin the unravelling.
I therefore ask my fellow Members to support my proposals to remove these passages from our resolution.
At the same time, we should not forget a couple of elements that are very crucial when we are estimating our answer to the strategy.
They are terrible words.
We are now living in a different world, Mr President, a multipolar world in which Europe must have its say or else these issues will not be discussed.
We believe in prosecuting crimes under international law, but always under fair trial and with due process.
The commitment of administrations is too heterogeneous and the high level of outstanding irregularities in some Member States is not acceptable.
I voted for the Sârbu report on recognition of agriculture as a strategically important sector in the context of food security.
This is what makes it so important that each citizen of the Community should have equal levels of access to language learning.
in writing. - I sponsored this resolution which stresses that respect for International Human Rights and Humanitarian law is an essential prerequisite for a just and lasting peace in the Middle East; it expresses concern at the pressures being exerted on NGOs by Israeli and Gaza authorities because they cooperated with the Goldstone enquiry; it calls for an unconditional end to the blockade of Gaza and calls for Europe to publicly urge Israel and Palestinians to implement the Goldstone recommendations.
Hopefully, it will help limit the excesses of the opposing parties and will, in the long run, contribute to achieving the much desired and lasting peace in the Middle East.
If the Pakistani Government and the security services do not get the situation under control, the country will sink into the morass of extremism.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
However, when it comes to the financial sector, you say that we have to look at things, examine the impact, and, above all, have transition periods.
Why did we not adhere to its provisions?
That is unacceptable.
This means the financial transaction tax of course, plus energy taxes and business tax - and please do not try to sell us the common tax base as the be-all and end-all or the ultimate fiscal policy - and lastly, it means combating fraud and tax havens.
We have paid and paid, and that is important.
What are these people going to do then?
Companies in the Union hold the biggest investment stocks worldwide.
(RO) I am sorry that the necessary support in the form of 100% financing is not being provided through the Council at a time when we are talking about the European Social Fund's role in reducing unemployment, especially during the current crisis.
Even more historic, for the first time since I worked in this House, we managed to get rid of the Euratom Treaty as a legal basis although this regulation covers also transparency for investments in the nuclear sector.
These sometimes arise due to a need to update them, but this hinders and diminishes the quality of life of the individual.
It is a terrible phenomenon whose scale is unknown.
There is a real opportunity between now and the presidential elections in Northern Cyprus in April which should be seized, and this is a matter for all sides.
However, the results from investigations and the prosecution of drug-related crime need to be considerably improved.
Providing access to housing for citizens, especially vulnerable people, from communities facing dire poverty and marginalisation must be a fundamental concern of our society. The financial support from the Structural Funds can make a considerable contribution to the efforts made by national authorities to resolve this problem.
Secondly, the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights is supranational.
All I can say is: lucky old Iceland!
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my question was meant to highlight one particular aspect: that global population growth has an impact both on the use of raw materials and on pollution.
I should therefore like to pay tribute to the excellent work done by Mrs Paliadeli and the rest of the Committee on Culture and Education, in particular, with regard to the procedure for selecting the sites and strengthening the role of the European Parliament during the selection process.
Allow me to begin by sincerely thanking the rapporteur Mr Silva Peneda for his work; given the contribution he has made to this House on matters of social policy and employment I think we could talk of the 'Silva Peneda legacy'.
This European Parliament resolution should encourage the Lithuanian Parliament to adopt such a law, which respects human rights and freedoms, and in which there is no place for any form of discrimination, including discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation.
It is unacceptable that, in 2008, we confiscated 178 million counterfeit articles at our borders, 20 million of which were dangerous, with more than 50% of these articles coming from China.
The Support Office will also provide assistance to Member States under particular pressure by sending expert teams which can help with the registration of asylum applications.
I was in Marseille this weekend where I met with the associations who work with the Roma community.
Member States have also contributed significantly to the recent replenishment of the Global Environmental Facility, for which USD 1.2 billion is earmarked for biodiversity.
Much work remains to be done: implementing measures will need to be in place some time before October 2012 in order to give the Member States and the industry enough time to prepare for the introduction of Solvency II.
Furthermore, of course, the High Representative is an ex officio Vice-President of the Commission.
Especially at a time when we are dealing with disastrous mass immigration of non-Western immigrants, we should not be mincing words.
Instead, it is a natural result of the fact that the countries are different and public democratic elections have resulted in different political systems being voted through.
Invoking this freedom is a mere pretext.
However, the recent past has demonstrated that, no matter the advantages this provides, the system has its drawbacks, too.
In this resolution, we have the first direct reference to Dawit Isaak.
Some Member States are already monitoring and reporting on SBA implementation.
We would therefore like to see the growing of leguminous plants being made a permanent component of future crop rotation in the common agricultural policy and being rooted in the first pillar.
This decision will have an irreversible adverse impact on the European economy's competitiveness.
I voted in favour of this report because the purpose of the regulation is to create legal security for couples belonging to different Member States, who wish to separate or divorce, guaranteeing them predictability and flexibility.
This can be attributed to the way in which we have conducted ourselves in this country.
This must be used to achieve more ambitious goals set by the EU.
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, will the Council show its goodwill by starting off our international relations on the right foot, or does it intend to carry out a restrictive analysis?
This must also unconditionally apply to tyre safety.
It is quite something, however, when individual members of the Federal German Government turn up and thunder against the few binding goals of the EU 2020 strategy, such as for the employment quota, for research and education and for combating poverty - and that in the European Year for Combating Poverty!
The EU-Canada Free Trade Agreement, like the others, also covers services and worthy, but inconsistent concerns are being expressed relating to 'negative lists' or others, which do not remove the threats also hanging over public services.
Security in Europe is our common affair, as is the common, single market, and we should do everything possible for every citizen to feel safe within the borders of the EU, because this is one of our fundamental values.
Clarity in the budget line, so that we can measure here in Parliament that you are meeting those commitments, and additionality are absolutely central to this.
The next step which we need to take is to create a common, coherent and efficient framework programme for all passengers' rights.
This will certainly not make these products cheap, but perhaps more reasonably priced at least.
For we are now better equipped to take up three major challenges in the face of which, ladies and gentlemen, we will together be playing not only for the credibility of the European Union, but also, to repeat the word used by Mr Havel just now, for its sovereignty.
Nevertheless, I am concerned that an integrated management system - allowing costs to be allocated to specific work packages and funding sources for operational costs to be identified - was not in place by December 2009.
I feel that it is particularly important to enhance social partnership and social dialogue with specific measures at all levels - EU, national, regional, sectoral and company.
Voting time
At least that was how it was expressed in the German translation.
I am also rather surprised that you in particular, Mr Brok, are now suddenly in favour of parliamentary control.
Although we do now have earmarking to a very limited extent - 15% of infrastructure costs and 15% of external costs must go to the TEN-T networks - it is really far too little.
They are also subject to visa facilitation in the future but not all the conditions have been met yet.
The ball is now in the Member States' court because it is not enough to legislate: this legislation needs to be transposed into their national laws.
The vote on the motions for resolutions on Ukraine has been postponed to the November II part-session in Strasbourg.
It is important to follow clear rules in providing this assistance.
The pressure of migration is indeed felt more strongly in these territories, but the dignity of each person must be ensured and each case should be investigated in accordance with the law.
For example, it is astonishing to think that the European Union launched an appropriate system for monitoring rail traffic - the ERTMS - back in 2000, and that, in spite of this, 10 years later, the system has been adopted by only a very few Member States.
It is important to get our priorities straight; there is no point in looking for people to blame.
(PT) Mr President, over the past few weeks, we have witnessed the intensification of an insidious ideological campaign concerning the measures to be adopted by the Member States in order to balance public finances.
I would also like to stress the need for cooperation on development and humanitarian aid at a time when relations between the US and the European Union are of paramount importance in the current economic and geostrategic climate.
The numbers were 306 in favour, 322 against, with 26 abstentions.
The UN Security Council adopted Resolution 1975, and this resolution provides a perfectly clear mandate for the action.
The European Parliament has consistently called for the creation of a genuine common European diplomacy.
It is entirely legitimate and in accordance with the treaty - yes, the treaty requires it in fact - for us to concern ourselves with our own resources, because the treaty states that, without prejudice to other revenue, we shall finance ourselves first of all from our own resources.
There is a government that can be condemned and censured.
Do Parliament and the European Commission have the guts to say that today?
This is precisely why I believe it is important for the European Union, in the event of a potential industrial disaster in Europe, to have at its disposal an adequate financial facility to intervene immediately and effectively, and to alleviate damages.
This is completely contrary to sustainability in the social sense.
It seems that we must put more emphasis in future on training staff and implementing control systems correctly in the new Member States, if possible, before their accession.
We, the 27 EU gentlemen, are staring at her afterwards and talking in a strange manner: How it could happen?
Belarus, in particular the cases of Ales Michalevic and Natalia Radin
The report recognises the importance of Member States sharing best practice and exchanging information, but also emphasises that pensions remain a Member State competence.
In my view, the parliamentary body that monitors the EPAs should be the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly and not a body that has been set up for this specific purpose.
The report strikes a balance on civilian-military cooperation in crisis resolution and on EU-NATO interaction: on the one hand, it avoids relegating the EU exclusively to trade, development and humanitarian issues, the course pursued by the ECR Group, and, on the other, it rejects the GUE/NGL Group's insistence on excluding any military component from the CFSP.
The Commission's efforts in exposing the abuses of some companies is starting to pay off, with examples of companies like E.ON and RWE agreeing to sell their transmission networks following anti-trust investigations.
On the African continent alone, approximately 500 000 people depend on the banana sector for their living.
It would be more useful to investigate the implementation process more closely.
It is important to make sure that such simplification procedures help reduce the error rate in the future.
The Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities (FP7) is the largest research support instrument in the world and represents the primary tool of European Union research policy.
There are significant growth opportunities in the same sector, in terms of eco-tourism, heritage, sport and gastronomy.
In the face of this situation, our group considers that trade must be a tool to serve objectives such as job creation, the reduction of inequalities and sustainable development.
Finally, I would like to add my voice in calling for the release of the judge.
More generally, the Council's Presidency fully supports the Commission on the need to advance rapidly with the implementation of the European Economic Recovery Plan.
I hope that we can definitely achieve the goals you mentioned in your question with this amount of money.
The Council has now imposed an austerity programme on Greece, which, in my opinion, makes the achievement of these goals impossible, with one State having 3% of the gross domestic product of the EU.
The next item is the report by Mr Berman, on behalf of the Committee on Development, on financing of actions other than Official Development Assistance in countries falling under Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006.
However, we must not only discuss the environmental and economic aspects.
Well, France has given an answer.
This package should involve the regulations and directives that are being debated here and now in Parliament, and are going to be debated in the relevant committee in the next few days and then in the relevant plenary sitting.
That is why the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs has supported the strengthening of Frontex and also the increase of its budget, which we hope will be supported in this House, because we support the emphasis and importance placed on this matter by the Swedish Presidency.
These Heads of State or Government have never spoken out against other religions, but are quite radical when it comes to intervening to attack the Catholic Church.
in writing. - Alexander Graf Lambsdorff has presented a proposal concerning the Commission's 'Defence Package', covering procurement for both military and non-military security purposes as well as covering public contracts concluded between EU operators.
In addition, I think we can conclude that bees are a good indicator of our ability to have an environmentally friendly farming industry.
I am therefore, as you know, truly keen for Parliament to be involved.
I voted for this report as I think that the Single Market is unquestionably the main asset to our global competitiveness.
(NL) Madam President, very well, democratic developments may be afoot in North Africa, but they are also bringing with them obligations for Europe.
I voted for this report because, although national standards bodies provide the backbone of the European standardisation system, there are significant differences among them in terms of resources, technical expertise and stakeholder involvement.
We will continue to monitor the situation in the south-east and will report in our upcoming progress report.
The European Council currently comprises an odd combination of executive and representative authority.
I shall reiterate what I have said in the House on many previous occasions.
I am very confident that MEDIA Mundus will increase consumer choice, so that people will have the possibility to watch European films.
We are all very attached to it, and we expect the study initiated by the Directorate-General for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries to clarify the sources of activity and of employment that we can expect.
Firstly, agriculture is primarily an industry that puts food on the table - without which we all would die - but also these regions without agriculture would die as well, both economically and by probably becoming denuded of people.
In any event, today Parliament needs a concrete answer.
This is a pattern, not a succession of tragic accidents beyond the abilities of Russia's judiciary.
This House has previously called on all EU Member States to recognise Kosovo's independence and Serbia should implement the same measures and controls on its Kosovan border as it does on other internationally recognised borders.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the preparations for the European Council meeting of 23-24 June 2011.
The EU needs a broader innovation strategy.
Even the USA has shelved its FTA with South Korea partly because of similar objections from the car industry.
One of these people, whom you have already mentioned, Behnoud Shojaee, who was a minor at the time he committed his crime, was executed in spite of repeated appeals from the EU to have his sentence commuted.
The implementation of the Single Market is now emerging as one of the measures for overcoming the economic and financial crisis, and thus promoting increased competitiveness and full EU integration.
At the same time, the natural disaster also caused an extremely serious nuclear accident, which has affected the Fukushima nuclear plant in particular.
Mr Danjean's report into the implementation of the European Security Strategy and the common security and defence policy is very comprehensive and deals with numerous topics that are important for Europe.
We can only hope that it begins to put its words into action as soon as possible, something that it has unfortunately not yet succeeded in doing in many cases.
Specifically, the delays being caused by Member States between detection and reporting are also leading to difficult situations.
I therefore call upon the Commission and the Member States to join forces and ramp up the fight against tuberculosis in order to succeed in controlling and eradicating this disease.
I will die, but the law will remain and it will affect the lives of millions.
With regard to this excellent report, I would like to make it clear that, hopefully, it is the importance of upbringing rather than education that needs to be emphasised when we are talking about small children.
(FR) Allow me, too, to thank Mrs Nedelcheva for her comments.
Among other serious aspects, this regulation intends to give the Commission the power to withdraw authorisations, to ask Member States to negotiate or reject bilateral investment treaties (BITs) and to approve new BITs.
If the authorities in Skopje have the political will not to use history, whether ancient or more recent, and to argue about current political or national intentions, a compromise can be reached.
The candidates for the posts of chairpersons of the ESAs have, in fact, proven to be competent and professional, and I am sure that they will be able to carry out the role in an impartial and more than satisfactory manner.
What is important is that the High Representative has the instruments to execute his or her tasks in the most efficient way.
For economic growth, construction is essential for jobs and employment.
I shall now turn to a broader issue: the EPA in general.
Lastly, I would like to recall that this problem is not restricted to a single sector or a single country.
I therefore call on the Commission and Council to make the Solidarity Fund more flexible so that it can be applied as quickly as it should be in this case and in other similar ones.
19.
I am voting against this text.
I believe that the EU's priority should be to impose more stringent measures on pollution caused by heavy goods vehicles and to commit decisively to rail freight.
By voting for this text, I have helped to release EUR 35 635 750, earmarked not for compensation of damage suffered by private individuals, but for infrastructure rehabilitation.
The European Union itself is founded on the very values of democracy and human rights.
It is a financial assistance programme set up, together with the Irish Government, to restore domestic and external confidence and remove the harmful feedback loops between the fiscal and financial crisis.
There is a complete absence of freedom of expression, freedom of association, and freedom of the press.
We did engage together to plan the military support for humanitarian needs: ready at the request of the United Nations to support the people with resources from across Europe.
There are different causes for this and it is difficult to anticipate and control them.
The theory that transfers of company seats can be arranged such that a company is started up in a neighbouring country and then one's own company merged with it under the Directive on mergers could scarcely be more bureaucratic.
We also have to urgently look for new sources of energy, and use modernised methods of coal gasification.
Others will be organised in the future.
To date the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) has only considered expenditure incurred by Member States which joined the European Union after May 2004 as eligible expenditure for housing, especially for energy efficiency and renewable energy in housing.
I would remind the House of the notorious comment in paragraph 6.17 that up to 11% of the expenditure in respect of the Structural Funds, European Regional Development Fund and European Social Fund should not actually have been disbursed.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: see Minutes
For this same reason, I consider it vital that the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy be strengthened.
Today, if we decided to raise the expenditure ceiling to the maximum threshold allowed by the treaties, this would mean an additional levy of more than 5 billion for countries like France and Germany.
This is the darker side of capitalist exploitation and the consequences of colonialism and neo-colonialism, for which several European powers have great responsibility.
Without this assistance there will be no deal in Copenhagen.
The EU has demonstrated effectiveness and the ability to react.
The fact that you are willing to mediate in the Hungarian-Slovak conflict and between the Slovak majority and the Hungarian ethnic community in Slovakia is an historic act.
Ban on use of cyanide mining technologies
Member of the Commission. - The Commission is a full participant in the G20 and is participating fully in this process.
Well, so am I.
On the other hand, the Auditors show up some areas of dispute, because they found that among the applications for funds made by Member States in the area of cohesion policy, 11% contained mistakes.
I was very surprised by this judgment and I would very much like to know the Commissioner's point of view on this matter, in the context of the lasting impact of the fundamental rights guaranteed in the Charter on current and future EU legislation.
Official and unofficial studies all show that exchange of information is seriously failing, because it is complicated, burdensome and costly.
Such a collective reflection should seek to set a course for success on both dossiers so that consumers can reap the benefits.
It was the first time that a European delegation had had the opportunity to be there on the ground and to meet the authorities and people from the island.
I believe that many of us who have seen a relative affected by Alzheimer's know how it can destroy a previously healthy person and how painful it is for family and other relatives, and I feel very strongly that we need to invest more resources in researching this terrible disease.
The Commission has already made much progress in the preparatory work.
Children are the weakest link in our society.
In Mr Schlyter's report, Parliament has now examined transitional arrangements for managing investment agreements that Member States have already concluded with third countries.
In order for there to be real cooperation, the procedures for dialogue and understanding need to be strengthened and account needs to taken of the asymmetries in the area in all trade agreements, so as to safeguard equality between all the states.
However, unfortunately, that approach is still unfeasible at this stage...
In the digital age, however, it is crucial to pay particular attention to the enforcement and protection of civil liberties and fundamental rights, including the right to privacy and data protection.
MEDIA Mundus: audiovisual cooperation programme with professionals from third countries (debate)
If I named six tunes here tonight out of the most popular tunes created, I doubt that there would be anyone in this Chamber who would be able to name who wrote the songs, but each one who knows a particular record would be able to say: that was sung by such and such.
I hope that, based on this agreement and in the spirit of joint commitment, the EU and Georgia can effectively fight illegal immigration and contribute to the development of democracy, the rule of law, human rights and civil society in that country.
What will happen next?
According to the World Alzheimer Report 2009, around 28% of European citizens suffer from this type of dementia, and this percentage is likely to increase given Europe's ageing population.
It is very important to expand the European digital library and develop it as a focal point for Europe's cultural heritage and creativity and to protect and support its cultural heritage.
You have not examined directly, however, whether the European Structural Funds Regulation has really been complied with.
I would particularly like to emphasise our position on the export of radioactive waste.
The point I wanted to finish with was that Mr Blair must not be appointed as the President of the EU.
I would point out that this text includes clear rules on detention, in full compliance with the fundamental rights, and limits detention to exceptional cases.
On 21 June 2006, negotiations were finalised and the draft protocol on Liechtenstein's accession to the Dublin agreement with Switzerland was initialled.
In the current version of the system, the rules of origin often prevent preferences that exist on paper from having a positive impact.
I am proud to announce that, from 9 March, a Friends of Tibet group will also be operating in the National Council of the Slovak Republic.
I wish you all a happy holiday and I believe we will get off to a good start next year.
This is not a playschool.
We believe that this is important and useful, but that it must ensure, on the one hand, that those who actually have the right to asylum are granted it more quickly, and, on the other hand, that those who do not have the necessary rights and try to abuse this system are firmly dealt with, because it is clear that not all those who have the right to asylum are granted it.
The funds are distributed for EU projects and policies in all Member States, admittedly, in varying proportions.
The European Union must have the courage to put forward a proposal regarding not just the EU's own emission reductions, but the principle of burden-sharing, where all industrialised countries accomplish emission reductions according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Guidelines.
The latest dialogue meeting was held in Hanoi last week, on 11 December.
I feel that the European public wants it.
Priority should still be given to allocating and managing the Structural Funds from a regional standpoint and not from a national or even a centralised European one.
In fact, the existence of unnecessary administrative burdens, as was the case with proof of origin for certain textile products in cases where there are no quantitative restrictions on the importing of these products to Europe, or in cases where there is a need to present an import authorisation, only impedes the easy flow of international trade that is our intention.
They also need our help - and, most importantly, our honesty - in pointing out the wrongdoing from political regimes that ensures that ordinary people continue to live in poverty and in need.
Some people are arguing for sanctions, penalties and a show of toughness.
Too often, the region has been plagued by cycles of violence, rising extremism and economic hardship.
It provides much useful guidance for further work by Croatia, and I particularly welcome the many references to fairness, quality and credibility made during today's debate.
That fills me with sadness, as a society must always be measured by how it treats animals, and the European Union must no longer stand as a synonym for unnecessary animal testing.
Do you think it would be possible to establish a permanent European regulator for this area who would be responsible for dealing with these issues and who would have the power to remove dangerous nuclear power stations from the grid?
I would like to highlight the following as being particularly relevant: (1) the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) supports the reintegration of workers made redundant from the labour market, without absolving the companies of their responsibilities; (2) in the context of the mobilisation of the EGF, the Commission has proposed an alternative sourcing of payment appropriations other than unused European Social Fund (ESF) resources, as Parliament has urged; (3) the functioning and added value of the EGF should be evaluated in the context of the general assessment of the programmes and various other instruments created by the IIA of 17 May 2006 within the process of the 2007-2013 multiannual financial framework (MFF) mid-term review; (4) the Commission's proposal includes information about the application, analysing the eligibility criteria and explaining the reasons which led to its approval, which is also in line with Parliament's requests.
(HU) Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Berès.
I simply want to say that there is a big difference between the rhetoric which we are hearing now and the reality of recent months and years.
Events have recently taken a dramatic turn in Syria.
There are some governing parties in the European Union which believe that they can win certain electoral arguments if they oppose this decision and lay the blame with Romania and Bulgaria for the fact that there are problems with Roma integration at EU level.
This may influence Europe's whole economic situation and competitiveness.
Unchecked, Ireland's deficit was heading towards 14% of GDP.
The outcome of the Irish referendum was a victory for Ireland.
It is important that, at European level, we are linking the increased pressure from migration flows to EU foreign policy.
Now it is the governments' turn.
I also support the idea of the European Commission preparing, two years from now, a report, or even a legislative proposal, aimed at the harmonisation of textile labels.
It is not because there are technical problems that children are dying.
16.
The aim of these was to avoid a disruption of trade, and they may not necessarily lead to comprehensive EPAs.
Lectures from EU institutions have almost the opposite effect.
This non-legislative report emphasises that this directive has the potential for further integration of the EU economy.
Voting time
If three governments are selfish and bad, the other 24 cannot be subject to their will but must react, Mr President, Mr Wathelet.
There really is a lack of concrete proposals on how we should combat this malady together.
We need a global energy revolution towards a sustainable economic model, which provides for environmental quality to go hand in hand with economic growth, wealth creation and technological advancement.
Such legislation was a necessity in order to balance the market and offer the private sector guarantees that the authorities are a player with equal powers, which can be held to account when they break the rules of the game.
However, the new government majority in Chişinău is in a fragile position as it is also getting over the postponement of the vote by its parliament on the appointment of the President of Moldova.
The decision will be taken tomorrow.
The Commission has been working intensively on economic governance and is ready to present its proposals on how to improve this next Wednesday.
I believe that we have reached a good compromise, especially as it represents significant progress compared with the current situation, although, as in any compromise, we have all had to make concessions and be flexible, in what has been an especially complex task, as the Commission proposal arrived before the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
What it comes down to is that those Member States that have kept their own houses in order will end up paying.
That is why the Commission supports a limited change to Article 136 of the Treaty.
The Group of the European Peoples' Party (Christian Democrats) has requested taking a vote on Mr Czarnecki's report on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2008, Section II - Council.
Mr Rogalski, you saw that I asked for it to be checked immediately whether it was true or false.
(FR) Mr President, Europe has contributed millions of euro, tents, food, soldiers and doctors.
We are prepared to fight for this.
The whole thing, however, is moving at a terribly slow and tiring pace.
Finally, I would urge the Council, too, to follow Parliament's recommendations.
in writing. - (DE) I am voting in favour of the report on aerodromes, air traffic management and air navigation services.
However, this is a project that is difficult to carry out, and it may, perversely, exacerbate discrimination against women in the world of work because: (1) it puts extra pressure on social security systems, which, in many cases, are already only just sustainable; and (2) it introduces new constraints on the labour market, which already no longer meets the needs of the current workforce.
The very definition of 'marriage' should be reserved for unions between women and men.
The third specific argument used is that Parliament would weaken its rights by consenting to enhanced cooperation: none of this is true.
They must also take the measures required to help the EU emerge from the current crisis and boost economic growth.
We are referring to an electronic cultural depository of the European States which will allow access to primary cultural information, and I should like to emphasise at this point that the success of Europeana will depend on the format which we ultimately decide to give it, by which I mean that we do not want a Europeana which is a copy of electronic platforms that already exist, such as Google or Wikipedia.
At the end of the day, I believe that this is one of the ways in which we could bring about a thaw in the frozen situation that we really do have.
As the old adage says, 'prevention is better than cure' and certainly we have to try and prevent natural disasters based on recent trends, to get out some kind of a forecast and to put preventive actions in place.
Now on to the glimmers of light and, of course, these are, by and large, what we should concern ourselves with, and indeed what we did concern ourselves with in this report.
What is wrong with populism, seeing that parliamentarians are the voice of the populus, the people?
This experience, however, has revealed shortcomings and weak points in the current system of coordination and in existing surveillance processes.
(IT) Mr President, I voted in favour of the report on the labelling of textile products because I think that Europe could and should do more to support enterprises in the industry.
in writing. - I voted for this report on the basis of expert reports which say that at this moment, both Romania and Bulgaria have proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
However, the huge rise in atypical jobs should lead us to set up a model in the strategy and in the guidelines which is directed at secure and poverty-proof jobs.
On the contrary, I feel very much on the same wavelength as those who, before me, starting with Mrs Gardini, upheld a different position.
In an Internet poll, the number of respondents declaring themselves in favour of such a measure was as high as 96%.
The 'Lisbon strategy' of becoming the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010 may have failed, but this does not mean we should abandon it entirely.
in writing. - The economic situation in Europe and further afield is as grave as any of us can remember, and it is absolutely right that the European Union and the Member States do everything that they can to ensure that a recession does not turn into a slump and that where government action really can kick-start economic activity, it should be allowed to do so.
I can only repeat my colleagues' question: is it obligatory or not for the Commission to obtain balanced advice?
One good thing is that there is to be only one rating category.
I would ask that my fellow Members kindly indicate with a show of hands who among you is willing to take this case seriously and take part in a detailed investigation.
For this reason, I appeal to the Council and the Presidency to take appropriate steps to prevent Member States from enacting discriminatory legislation.
The management of this transition has been underpinned by public intervention designed to ensure income stability for companies and to exclude food prices from the pressures of competition.
17.
Subject: Commission action to foster an environment that spurs corporate investment in research and encourages banks to finance that investment
Dichloromethane is easily absorbed by the human body, it is highly toxic and carcinogenic, and is responsible for many cases of poisoning, including fatal accidents.
Now, the only remaining international presence is the EU monitoring mission.
In this regard, you can count on our support.
I must say, though, that the successful integration of migrant children is something that concerns Europe as a whole.
This is the reason for my vote.
Thus, if we want to achieve the goals that are set here every week, we need an ambitious budget, and that means not less money, but more money in future.
I am thinking here of the manufacturers of generic medicines, for example.
Just a few weeks ago in this Chamber we declared our openness to work together to close Guantánamo Bay and resettle former inmates.
Mr President, I would like thank all my fellow Members and the Commissioner for the debate.
However, it is important to explain that the monetary union is a community power.
I would definitely like to call on you, Mrs Fischer Boel, to reiterate what you have done.
Ladies and gentlemen, this vote is important.
The analysis we need to make is that Europe is suffering greatly from greed, from a lack of regulation, from a lack of economic governance, from an insufficiently educated and cohesive population, from a lack of social justice, from low economic growth, from low employment growth and from having enormous groups of poorly skilled people outside the job market.
I would hope, Mrs Ferreira, that you will support these proposals, and would also like the support of the various governments.
I am referring to the debate on economic governance and to the debate on the debt crisis in the European Union.
I am glad to hear that the Council and Commission recognise these as priority issues, but so far we have seen only half-measures to address them and no meaningful results.
The measures we have taken will also be helped by our discussion today.
The Egyptian armed forces now have the responsibility of leading their country, in a short period of time, towards genuine democracy, the rule of law with an independent judiciary, good governance and accountability on suspected cases of corruption.
Regional economic integration is crucial in this regard.
I have duly noted the call made on the Commission to provide support to the Icelandic authorities in its communication strategy on European Union membership.
The EU should make better use of its foreign policy instruments so as to ensure better use of its leverage in multilateral organisations and to take the lead in addressing current and future international crises more effectively.
At the same time, it was noted recently that the judiciary in this country has shown a clear repeated tendency towards the abolition of the government along the same lines as events two or three years ago with Erbakan.
We promise to continue their work.
Colleagues, as you know, because of the fire practice, the voting and explanations of vote were suspended yesterday, so we will be taking those today as part of the vote.
I would therefore like to appeal to my fellow Members to follow the recommendations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Subcommittee on Security and Defence and, in particular, the recommendations of the rapporteur, who has just spoken, with regard to the question of ex ante control.
I would like to thank everyone who assisted me in drafting this report.
The euro is a major benefit for everyone.
I think it is very important to emphasise that this is an enabling and empowering proposal.
It is also about us handling European citizens' tax money properly.
Alternating periods of flood and drought, as well as extreme weather conditions, demand better management of rainwater.
The Italian Government would do well to procrastinate less and act more, rejecting migrants until Europe comes up with a genuine common immigration policy.
Europe must be able to react to rapid changes in the world.
But if, at the end of the day, it is not enforced in the way that our citizens expect, we might ask ourselves: what is the point?
Can anything that is not healthy to humans be described as 'food'?
I hope that we can change the text of the report which rather one-sidedly places too many obligations on Macedonia and not enough on its neighbours.
It is therefore not yet time to withdraw the support measures that have been taken.
The conditions attached to a possible second commitment period are very important for environmental integrity and the ambition of the future climate regime.
I do not see that it has any connection with my being in the chair.
We have an exit procedure for the European Union but not for the euro area, and I believe we do need this option, so that a country may introduce and devalue its own currency to get itself back onto dry land.
in writing. - To date, the EU still does not have an adequate response to Alzheimer's, neither has it concluded a single policy on its prevention.
That is why I wish to make it very clear that the counterfeiting of medicines is not just any counterfeiting, because it is a form of counterfeiting which completely undermines confidence in our health systems.
The victims of this European legal anarchy are often small, innocent children.
The 594 redundancies have severe repercussions for living conditions, jobs and the local economy, which is why mobilisation of the EGF is of the highest importance for supporting the affected workers.
To Mr Arlacchi, I would say that we agree that the efforts made to date have not been sufficiently coordinated.
So let us distribute the refugees between us.
Up to now, this has not materialised.
Madam President, I would first of all like to emphasise the important consensus work that the rapporteur has carried out.
The final vote, which was positive, has been very easy for us.
How can that possibly be the case?
He quite simply trusted her.
These apply to third-country fishing vessels, which may be subject to inspections of their landings and trans-shipment operations (Article 21).
The strong criticism voiced by the European Commission forced the Orbán government - which had, back in December, still adamantly refused to amend the law in any way - to give way.
Thus, Parliament cannot accept the serious managerial failings of the former director, and, what is more, it cannot condone the fact that the management board has not assumed its responsibilities by adopting the necessary measures.
People paying their taxes expect to see their money invested in the NHS to pay for healthcare at home, not being diverted to other EU health systems.
Its measures proved to be widely successful and kept many financial institutions from collapse.
It is quite simple: Kosovo belongs to Serbia.
Following more than three years' work on the Community Code on Visas and complicated negotiations with the Council, it has finally proved possible to reach a compromise.
Bulgaria and Romania have been Member States of the EU for four years, but some fellow Members appear not to have noticed that, and some of their questions and racist remarks about these countries really concern me as an EU citizen, because if we talk about illegal immigrants from these countries somehow invading our territory, we are actually referring to members and citizens of the EU, and they surely cannot be illegal immigrants.
We are not being political in this, Mr Cashman: our response has been less than adequate.
The results are clearly positive, even if many sectors would have liked more to have been achieved.
We act and we assert ourselves as a Union, or we fail to act and allow ourselves to be marginalised.
Even the national authorities will not admit that the safety tests outlined six months ago are no longer correct.
As the purpose of these trade preferences is to try to support Pakistan's recovery and future development, we believe that they should be offensive and far-reaching without safeguard measures for the EU, particularly as they are to be for a limited time only.
However, the crucial issue - and, again, there is consensus in the committee on this - is whether these observers should be people who would otherwise have been elected to Parliament.
At the same time, the Commission services have begun examining existing legislation.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to add my voice to that of Mr Juvin - the humanitarian aid is poorly coordinated.
The first is the degree of involvement of Eurojust in direct communication between the domestic authorities.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (NL) I, too, should like to start by congratulating the rapporteur, Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf.
Greater protection of the rights of passengers helps incentivise the use of public transport and favours healthy competition between operators, prompting them to develop more competitive services.
In 1990, in his book Bound to Lead, the eminent American professor, Joseph Nye, invented the concept of 'soft power'.
What we are talking about is feeding a tube into the abdomen.
We are holding a special meeting of the College on this issue on Thursday.
Stress tests on nuclear facilities represent a step forward.
Thirdly, we need to develop the European patent.
rapporteur. - Madam President, I fully appreciate your presence in the plenary this evening.
Our aim in all of these areas is to make the spare capacities of every institution available to other institutions.
The Commission's initial proposal contained far more stringent penalties for public authorities, a position which our group felt was unacceptable as, unlike private undertakings, public sector bodies are not focused primarily on profit but rather operate in the general interest.
The Council discussions are taking a lot of time.
The crisis's detrimental impact on the Ukrainian economy is jeopardising not only internal stability, but also that of the region as a whole.
Nevertheless, the EU and several of its Member States have increasingly close relations with Libya, and the EU is now even negotiating this framework agreement.
We need to devise an institutional mechanism for initiating a consistent policy on this issue because the battle against sexual discrimination is won by introducing long-term positive incentives and legislative reforms, and by increasing incomes and the quality of life.
In order to further impose these competitive clusters to serve the interests of the sacrosanct common market, this House is proposing that they be overseen by the European Commission to the detriment of elected governments.
It is our duty to discuss and develop these proposals further in the immediate future, thereby ensuring that workers employed in the construction sector receive a high level of protection.
You are therefore demanding a minimum 5% increase in the EU budget.
For example, in Portugal, we have the decree which was the first decree in Europe abolishing the death sentence.
We ought to strive to ensure that a research programme is set up in this regard to help to enable these resources to be used in a way that is as environmentally friendly and sustainable as possible.
- The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the follow-up to the Declaration of the Sports Ministers of the European Union at their meeting in Biarritz in November 2008 by Katerina Batzeli and Doris Pack, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education - B6-0223/2009).
I believe that an agreement is possible because serious partners are out there, and we must try to find and motivate them.
We laid down the criteria for prior authorisation and determined the general conditions applicable to the reimbursement of the costs of cross-border healthcare.
Europe needs a louder voice that is more united and stronger.
The elections were very transparent and democratic, despite the last-minute changes which were made to the electoral regulations.
In order to reduce speculation on the commodity markets, the European Parliament wants the Commission to ensure greater transparency by exchanging good and timely information regarding developments on the market.
The European Union must provide unfailing support to human rights defenders in all countries including, of course, Israel, whose impunity is an insult to democratic values.
Bearing in mind the ever-growing interdependence of local communities in a globalised world and, at the same time, the worsening extent of individualistic behaviour, it is becoming vital to encourage social participation by citizens.
The EU cannot impose an exact replica of our internal legislative measures on third countries, just as third countries, to which we export, cannot impose their own national rules on us.
The joint initiatives from the EIB and Commission in support of convergence have sought to encourage SMEs to access funding, develop micro-credits with a view to economic growth and create jobs, as well as provide support for sustainable investments in urban areas.
As a Union, we have negotiated among ourselves on all this and on a number of key issues and terms of reference for the G20 finance ministers' meeting, which is due to take place this week.
I welcome the agreement reached by the social partners regarding the package of proposed measures.
I am completely behind some of the steps that the Commissioner has put forward, but perhaps we can find a way to proceed in a differentiated manner according to the geographical and other circumstances, but still ultimately obtain binding targets.
This situation runs counter to the territorial cohesion objective whereby Member States are developed in a balanced manner from a geographical perspective, which is an objective stipulated in the Treaty of Lisbon.
Let me turn to a separate issue, which is the resolution.
So they resorted to lies and deceit, they staged the most spectacular bureaucratic coup d'état that the world had ever seen.
The final text says 'coalition of international forces in place' in Afghanistan.
(Applause)
The only solution there can be is dialogue between the parties to the conflict, with the help of international mediation.
English, for example, can be used if so desired, as can Portuguese, Latvian or Dutch, with a translation in one of the three languages.
A few months on from the European elections, where we all regretted the low turnout, indeed the rise in abstentions, the importance that Parliament attaches to this report is therefore crucial.
We would like to take this opportunity to stress the strategic importance of Turkey.
The European Parliament has shown a lot of goodwill in accepting the figures for 2011 because we understand the economic situation in the Member States.
Now that the Tibetan resistance is in the process of democratisation, it is extremely unfortunate that Nepal, a country where so many Tibetans live, has prevented the democratic elections from being conducted in a normal way.
6.
If that does not happen, southerly countries will always have a harder deal than my own country, on the North Sea, which does not see so very many refugee boats landing on its shores.
The second fundamental principle is the polluter pays principle and, therefore, the proposal of a form of insurance which offers two advantages: firstly, it ensures that if a disaster does occur - which we obviously do not want - those responsible for it will not be able to escape their financial obligations.
I feel that the general level of budget line implementation in this area, which is 94.6%, is satisfactory overall.
However, on the last point, I feel it is important that when the European Union is considering how to distribute the financial burden deriving from its future international climate funding commitments, it will take into account individual Member States' economic potential and the limits of their productive capacity.
Well, strengthening civil society is the best defence against this system which China, in particular, is trying to impose on the countries of the South.
Frontex also initiated new initiatives to analyse its measures, including their impact, and to improve the transparency and objectivity of staff selection.
In conclusion I would like to point out to the head of the Sudeten German Landsmannschaft, Mr Posselt, who has publicly deplored the downfall of ministers Vondra and Schwarzenberg and who has called on the Czech Republic to set up a strong pro-European government, that the Czech Republic is not the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia but a sovereign state where ministers are appointed by the President of the Czech Republic and the government derives its authority from a parliament elected by Czech citizens.
I think that the wrong wording was chosen in June.
Rather, it is an assurance that citizens in need of healthcare can be in a better position to get it, freeing them from bureaucratic shackles that sometimes preclude them from doing so.
These instruments will put the European people at the mercy of rating agencies.
This was an area in which we were to improve the situation.
Tibet - plans to make Chinese the main language of instruction (
(RO) The Package Travel Directive encompasses transport and accommodation services, along with other related services provided through package holidays. It also sets out consumers' rights and the responsibilities of distributors and tourism service providers.
In practice this will help to create a safe working environment and to protect health workers from blood-transmitted infections caused by sharp injuries.
We have eventually settled on the European Parliament hearing the recommended candidate, offering a confidential opinion and receiving feedback on how that is being taken into account.
The current economic crisis has demonstrated that coordination of economic policy has not worked in the Union, nor have the frameworks for governance, for economic supervision or for regulating financial services.
However, it is important to emphasise the need for the European Parliament and the United States Congress to maintain dialogue on issues not covered by this Agreement.
The Baltic countries, which are isolated from the rest of Europe, are left to the mercy of gas suppliers from eastern Europe.
Industry is not fighting it, but should, I think, accept stronger consumer views sometimes and really see the benefits of this.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, Mr Barroso said this morning that all Member States had democratically ratified this Treaty.
Parliament should have put forward a proposal taking into account factors including education, health and personal activities, but it confined itself to highlighting the need to establish new parameters, delegating the task of defining them to the Commission.
Observing the fact that free trade agreements still generally contain few references to social standards, the report mentions a number of avenues, including the social clause and compliance with International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions - whether or not they have been ratified already by all Member States. - and enhancing cooperation between third countries and Member States.
Incidentally, I just noticed once again during the previous speech that we have an excellent chair of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, because what he said is very similar to what I wanted to say.
In addition, the army and police trained by the EU support the repressive apparatus of the corrupt Kabila regime.
It is a last resort, as Commissioner Reding said, but an important one.
12.
I am here today to reiterate the commitment Catherine Ashton and Andris Piebalgs made to you last October to seek practical political solutions.
If you can sell a bottle of mineral water in the UK, you should be allowed to sell the same water in France, Germany or Italy and vice versa.
Opening of the sitting
No matter whether the reasons are technical, financial or political, this unprecedented gas embargo cannot be justified.
in writing. - (NL) The EU is one of the largest donors of development and humanitarian aid to Afghanistan.
I would like to make some short comments on what you have said.
EU-Jordan Euro-Mediterranean aviation agreement (
Lastly, Member States are invited to adopt legislation on public service broadcasting online by amending copyright law to reflect the realities of the new digital era.
I shall conclude by saying that, in order to act strongly on these two fronts, Europe must be equipped with appropriate institutions.
Syria and Libya, of all countries, have been offered trade concessions and even subsidies to be paid for by us, but where are the safeguards on human rights?
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. - (HU) Madam President, as one of the representatives of the LIBE Committee, I would like to join those congratulating the rapporteurs, and would like to thank the Commission for its work, as well as Mr Šefčovič and Mr Chastel for their work in the Council, as they contributed considerably to the creation of a sound and viable text which truly represents a step towards simplification, and which I believe will gain extensive support.
The debate is closed.
Of course, the Commission is in a good position.
I am extremely glad that we have representatives of the Council and of the European Commission with us, who will be able to speak, and then we come to our discussion and our responsibility for a decision on this matter.
I am observing with great interest the EU pilot programme, which is supposed to be a tool enabling a rapid response to all cases of incorrect application or adaptation of EU law to national legislation.
Of course we welcome the EU help package.
In addition, there are no mechanisms in place for monitoring the measures adopted.
Deliverable means that the Commission will table it and that Parliament and the Council will be able to vote on it and adopt it in 2011 and 2012.
The report has my support, as it is important that a standard of protection be introduced for refugees and that all Member States show solidarity in shouldering their responsibility and cooperating purposefully.
The fact of a constitution violating the spirit and letter of the Treaties, if that were the case, means it would be violating the sovereignty of the other 26 countries that have agreed to be in a European Union with the country that was able to violate the Treaties.
(HU) Madam President, one of the key topics at the forthcoming Copenhagen climate summit may be forest management.
In short, the long-term energy and climate challenges, at both European and global level, are an exceptional opportunity for encouraging new business models in all economic sectors, in order to stimulate innovation and to encourage environmentally friendly entrepreneurship.
Violence is not a private matter.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, on behalf of my political group, I would like first of all to express our condolences to the family of Mr Orlando Zapata Tamayo, who has paid the highest price for his convictions.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (HU) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I would like to thank you for this valuable debate, which included a great number of arguments and counterarguments. This also shows, as the Commissioner has also mentioned, that a compromise has been reached.
On public enforcement and justice, of course, I think it is very important that we are not going towards lessening this enforcement, and, of course, Articles 81 and 82 are very important pillars of the EU single market and policies.
The solutions which will be reached must ensure the State of Israel of its continued existence in the region and provide the Palestinians with the guarantee that they will be able to live with dignity in their own viable, democratic and independent state. The European Union must be prepared to assume greater responsibility in this process in order to establish normal relations between Israel and Palestine.
Within Europe, we must, at the same time, continue to strengthen our own carbon market and stop giving away trading rights for free.
The European Union can provide only frameworks for this, but it is up to each Member State to give substance to these frameworks.
Obviously, it is the patients who must come to us.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Commission is closely monitoring developments in the situation faced by Mrs Shirin Ebadi and it regards as unacceptable the threats made to her and her colleagues following the search carried out at their office in Tehran on 29 December.
Quite the opposite.
While the European Union sells off our sugar, banana and rum production to other countries by means of trade treaties with one hand, it simultaneously keeps us out of intra-European commercial routes with the other.
My first priority was that we could keep these important positions.
I would remind you that Italy was sentenced by the Court of Justice in March 2010, but for actions discovered and dealt with in 2007.
As regards the preparation for the Council, I have just three points to make.
Recently, Croatia has made considerable progress towards EU accession and will probably soon become the twenty-eighth Member State of the EU.
(NL) Mr President, I just wanted to let the Commissioner know that Mrs HennisPlasschaert is no longer here, as she had to attend another meeting.
We should be working here in a holistic way.
That is why we refused to grant discharge to a number of them and abstained on the resolutions that accompanied them.
I am very much opposed to the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Therefore, we must be careful, because the statement made in Article 3 according to the wording proposed by Amendment 52 of the report by the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs introduces a principle diametrically opposed to Declaration 11 in Article 17 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
As I said, on 19 January 2011, we have a big stakeholders' meeting at which representatives of the Member States will discuss the current state of play, and we will see how best we can support Member States who are not in compliance, so that they can complete their compliance by the end of 2011.
Mrs Malmström, I admit that you are right that the question of employment policy in particular must be given priority.
I can assure those who have called for greater cooperation between institutions that the Presidencies are doing all they can to work together.
Community guarantee to the European Investment Bank (
That is why I set up the de Larosière Group to provide input on how to build an effective European architecture for supervision.
There should be no speculation in global hunger as the effect of this speculation will be that many innocent people will die of hunger, especially in the poorest nations.
In addition, her other professional achievements, such as holding the position of Chief Adviser to the World Bank and being Spain's first female Minister for Foreign Affairs, do not leave any doubt that she will be the right person in the right job.
Another important item on the European Council's agenda is the preparations for the G20 summit.
I am sick of hearing that we cannot do better, that we have done all we can.
Lastly, urgent clarification is needed of Mauritania's use of the Protocol's monitoring provisions as regards its preference for methods other than the vessel monitoring system (VMS), and also its varying standards on ship arrests.
Both consumers and businesses in the EU are increasingly using broadband Internet and mobile Internet via their smartphones or tablets, which requires the provision of fast connections.
joint programming of research to combat neurodegenerative diseases, in particular Alzheimer's disease - B7-0218/2009)
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday, 21 October 2010, pursuant to Rules 130 and 131 of the Rules of Procedure, has been distributed.
We must remember the track record of these institutions and their tragic consequences: Iraq, Afghanistan, the Balkans and Libya, and other countries that are also on the list.
On Laval, Commissioner Špidla, a member of your Socialist family, has, in agreement with me, conducted a very complete search for practical solutions.
Only motivated, balanced workers are in a position to meet the demands made of them.
You see, Mr President, we are currently facing...
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, as one of the three rapporteurs who worked very closely together on the whole package - and this is clearly a package - I want to give a very warm welcome to this compromise agreement and also to add my compliments to Catherine Trautmann, who has led the negotiation with great skill.
The European Union must uphold its commercial interests while complying with and ensuring that others comply with its standards and values.
What do you have to say to women who, on the pretext of equality between men and women, have been told that their retirement age is to be increased by 5 to 17 years, as is happening in Greece?
In this case, I voted in favour of the amendment, because I wanted to manifest my opposition to construction of this pipeline.
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that no provision has been made for questions from the floor during this debate.
It is therefore down to us to put preventive measures and regulations in place.
We are now seeking to give that country additional trade advantages to help it back on its feet after the floods.
This directive allows all patients - not only the best informed or richest - to enjoy a series of healthcare rights which have already been recognised by the Court of Justice of the European Union.
In short, I hear your concerns and will defend them to the best of my ability.
Mr President, at least 157 dead and over 1 200 wounded is the result of the Guinean army's intervention in a peaceful opposition demonstration at the stadium in Conakry in September.
This resolution has managed to bring the main political groups in the European Parliament together to make a declaration which is absolutely necessary, given the current humanitarian and security situation in the Middle East.
We have touched on another point, namely, the demand that the European Union, which is now a legal personality, should sign up to this convention.
For this reason, I would like at this point to say once again that without adjustments, reviews and revisions, nothing can be done.
We have managed to sort out the issue of hazardous substances.
Written declarations included in the register (Rule 123)
With regard to the extent of the increase, I think it is important to make it clear that we are still working with an EU budget volume which goes back to the time when there were 15 Member States and, therefore, it is geared to a Union of this size.
The underlying reasoning is that anyone who can govern an artificial country such as Belgium can do likewise in Europe.
Northern Ireland farmers have been destroyed and many of them stand to lose their farms and be put out of business through no fault of their own.
Written statements (Rule 142)
A strong EU-US partnership must be beneficial to both sides and in a global context.
I am very pleased that, in its fifth Cohesion Report, the Commission has properly stipulated integrated approaches for the future.
If, however, it had reservations in interpreting the draft recommendation, it was obliged, in order to justify its decisions, to submit equally strong legal assessments confirming the possibility that the automobile manufacturer in question might take recourse to the courts on the basis of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament.
We must not forget this, particularly at this time of crisis.
asking the institutions involved in the process to make the necessary efforts to speed up the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF), while emphasising that assistance from the EGF must not replace actions which are the responsibility of companies by virtue of national law or collective agreements, nor fund the restructuring of companies or sectors;
We really have to take action about that.
I would like this report to be endorsed by a large majority on Wednesday.
This strategy must include measures aimed at achieving a work-life balance and greater involvement in an open labour market, which also means lifting access restrictions for Romanian and Bulgarian workers.
That means if we have loopholes in the system in terms of consumer protection and if we want to have a high standard of consumer protection for people in Europe, then we need a revision of this Package Travel Directive and we must also consider whether is it necessary - as my fellow Member has already mentioned - to have a special regulation for air passengers.
The problems are therefore largely of their own making and therefore need to be solved in future by the relevant countries themselves.
In today's vote I have given my backing to the request for discharge with respect to the implementation of the budget of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights for 2009.
Flagrant inequalities between men and women still exist today in the employment sector, particularly when it comes to differences in pay or even reconciling work and family life.
There are many reasons for this: it has to do with different systems and also with circumstances such as our lack of so much as an integrated ticketing system.
I would appeal to the relevant American authorities of the state of Georgia to make use of their right to commute the death penalty imposed on Mr Davis 20 years ago to a punishment of life imprisonment.
For example, insurance groups are to be allowed recourse to internal models of risk assessment when calculating capital and solvency requirements.
On the web, the best rubs shoulders with the worst: on the one hand, there are tremendous opportunities to diffuse and receive valuable, targeted information, for better social cohesion; on the other, it is an ideal forum for stereotypes, prejudices, derogatory views and even dangerous content, as was mentioned in the question.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the EU-China Summit, held on 6 October in Brussels, ended in tension when the scheduled final press conference was cancelled for laconic logistical reasons.
Emergency aid in the short term must be backed up with longer-term aid to help the future generations recover from this most horrific ordeal.
This is why I endorsed the report.
I hope that the European Commission and the Council will be able to take inspiration from it.
The number of SMEs (up to 250 employees; turnover ≤ EUR 50 million) in the EU reaches 23 million, which comprises around 99% of all firms active in our market.
The best and most well-known example is the energy-saving light bulb, which has many environmental advantages but contains mercury.
Ultimately, we need to avoid turning the transposition of NEAFC measures into a modern version of the myth of Sisyphus.
They have a full paper trail to prove they bought this oil from a licensed company in Dublin that supplies oil.
- (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Borghezio, I am Sicilian, and Sicily is the cradle and land of a great civilisation and a great history, and we hope that it will be able to forge a future for itself that begins with independence, and therefore I can of course only agree on the need for greater attention to be paid to the mother tongues that we should learn to speak more and more and, above all, should learn to pass on to our children.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Füle, Mr Lajčák, ladies and gentlemen, the issue that we are discussing did not begin on 21 January.
It is important for the new agreement, negotiated recently in Washington between representatives of the EU and the US Congress, to address the European Parliament's concerns.
Since its establishment, the intergroup consistently has stood up for the rights of national minorities and holds any violation of minority rights to be unacceptable.
The European Commission, along with the European Investment Bank and governments of the Member States, must identify and guarantee the financing of these priority projects.
That cannot, I would contend, be in the interests of the European Union.
Let us take the situation in the labour market: we need to fill the gender pay gap while also looking at the place and the representation of women in leadership positions in both public and private organisations.
We also provided technical expertise and financial support to the Sudanese referendum authorities.
We must also start to shape a post-crisis agenda to exploit new sources of growth and find new job opportunities.
, in writing. - The protracted violent actions against the Coptic Church in Egypt and largely against Christians in the Middle East require an immediate response from the European Union.
I do not think that this kind of unilateral approach is good news for the impending negotiations in Cancún, and in my view, it is a pity that the resolution, which I opposed, has been adopted.
The role of public institutions is not to deprive people of responsibility for their decisions, but to ensure they have the information they need when making decisions.
Thirdly, Mr President, I feel that we need to distinguish between what the European Union needs to do in the medium term and what it needs to do in the short term.
We are more credible than the states which have taken military action in Libya out of necessity, but whose arms exporters also had the largest trade stands at Libya's most important arms fair last autumn.
Solidarity, first and foremost, because a strong historical link unites the European Union to these countries, and we should do our utmost to ensure that they, too, are able to maximise the benefits of globalisation, of which they are, more often than not, the first victims.
There is no need to devise something new; let us stick with Schengen and the free movement of citizens, otherwise we will have a citizens' revolt on our hands.
Allow me to present four to you.
We currently have an immigration policy that is based on manifest hypocrisy and cynicism.
Secondly, the way the Generalised System of Preferences+ (GSP+) operates is anything but perfect.
Now, as before, it all rests on the decision: do we carry on with the old mix of coal and nuclear energy or do we take ambitious new paths?
Iceland's accession to the EU would enhance the Union's prospects of playing a more active and constructive role in Northern Europe and in the Arctic, contributing to multilateral governance and sustainable policy solutions in the region.
in writing. - (FR) The worthy sentiments propounded by the different political groups, with the notable exception of the Communists (and with just cause), is merely an echo of the political correctness spouted by the hippies of international show business.
This is what we must focus our attention on.
The issue of subsidiarity is relevant in this debate.
I agree with the mid-term review of the humanitarian consensus as I believe that it is vital to make an effort to increase its visibility among Member States, the other institutions and military players.
There must be certain nostalgia amongst the communists.
The last two years have involved many retrograde steps and blocks to progress in the country.
That is simply contrary to the international conventions.
The businesses that many Member States are continuing to maintain in Burma must be brought into line with the EU's human rights commitments.
Moreover, if the Union is to bring the industry's profits at least back up to what they were in 2007, it cannot sustain the social cost of around 350 000 job cuts.
I was pleased to hear the Commissioner saying that we are moving to a user-friendly financial regulation.
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner, the crisis has shown that the European Union lacks the necessary instruments to counteract the effects of the former and provide an appropriate framework for economic recovery.
This technology should be given the same political status as other renewable energy sources.
We acutely need an all-European awareness and will to recognise these crimes and prejudice as an integral part of our common history.
We must focus on the real solutions.
I would like to recall that one of the first strategies of this kind is the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea region approved by the European Council, covering 8 EU Member States, including my own country, Lithuania.
Only the integration of all the countries in the region will create the conditions needed by Kosovo for peaceful development.
Due to the international climate - the financial and economic crisis - it is also a priority for most Member States.
In June 2008, the 2003 measures were lifted and a global political dialogue was established - as Mr López Garrido reminded us - along with regular high-level meetings.
This decision provides legal certainty in the provision of the services and reduces the administrative burden on the public authorities which finance them.
Madam President, I speak as a Finn and someone from the Nordic countries.
This is very dangerous and, my friends, this is the way democracy dies.
Since the start of the crisis, the unemployment rate has increased by seven million.
Finally, I would like to make reference to the third and largest single group of health workers: the family carer.
Naturally, we would have preferred something much more ambitious - see our resolution - but these are initial steps on which we must now build.
We can clearly see the urgent need for international regulation of the environment, just like that of the financial markets and of the internet.
Now that it is bankrupt, and sadly so, the Icelandic Government is, of course, in the queue to join.
The doubts surrounding the treaty have been eliminated, but I also believe that there was an old, historical argument involved here.
We Greens cannot vote 'yes' to the resolution as it stands.
The report, which concerns the subject of micro-credits, is aimed at the disadvantaged groups in society, such as minorities, the Roma community or inhabitants of rural areas, who have untapped potential and want to set up a small business, but are not able to because they are not eligible to obtain a loan from a banking institution.
We fully support the Commission's proposal for a directive, and we understand that the agreement from the social partners cannot be touched.
Firstly, by changing the sector itself: the report is intended to demonstrate how this sector can, first and foremost, look within itself to see how it can produce communication, microelectronic and other instruments that consume less energy, and are thus inherently more efficient.
Therefore, we are against raising the evaluation threshold.
All its other advantages - from transport to energy production - can only be secondary in the light of the importance of water as a strategic commodity.
Europe's future sustainable growth and innovative capacity can be guaranteed only if everyone contributes their own efforts, and if every country travels along the same path.
European industry - I repeat - can play a driving role in the economy and in order for this to be the case we firstly need to protect our industrial fabric from the tough economic climate that we are experiencing, and secondly we need to improve the competitiveness of European industry.
Appointment of the Chairperson of the European Supervisory Authority (European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority)
On the other hand, if anyone should be free from worry it is the banks' shareholders and creditors.
We have been working hard to think through some of the practical details of how we can make the European External Action Service a real success.
For you talk about European values, you talk about European ethics, but the problem is this, Mr Barroso. If you really want to change things, you must explain something to the MEPs and to the citizens: the response to the financial and economic crisis must, at the same time, be a response to the environmental crisis.
I voted in favour of the report.
New types of costs eligible for a contribution from the ESF (
The protocol on the system of public broadcasting in the Member States, annexed to the EU treaties, recognises the Member States' freedom to define the public service remit to organise public service broadcasting and its funding, as long as such funding does not affect trading conditions and competition in the Community.
(ES) I am delighted to be in this very special forum with the President of the Spanish Government, someone whom I have valued very highly since the time when he was a strong law student.
This entails the mobilisation of a total sum of EUR 2 405 671 from the EGF for Portugal, and concerns the 839 redundancies carried out at Qimonda Portugal S.A. between 8 June and 8 October last year.
Then there is this: some are arrested and will not be entitled to asylum.
At the same time, compulsory digitisation targets should be introduced, which Member States would have to meet in a specified time.
I hope that a facilitated visa regime between the EU and Georgia will also encourage Europeans to become acquainted with Georgia.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the Commission would support a postponement of the vote.
On Turkey, the Socialist and Democrat Group remains pro-accession, pro-reform.
We have put those proposals forward.
Anything else will be a waste of time and will prolong this disgrace.
(DE) Mr President, improving the vaccination arrangements for bluetongue is an extremely important matter.
We agree that we need to transform our goal into a real increase in the resources devoted to research into renewable energy and energy efficiency.
I was very encouraged by your words, but was very discouraged to notice that only 12 colleagues were here to hear it.
(The President cut off the speaker)
It is certainly the case that, under the Treaty of Lisbon, which has recently entered into force, Parliament will, overall, need extra capacity for legislative work, but after the introduction of the assistants statute from the beginning of the current parliamentary term, there is still no proof whatsoever that MEPs actually need more assistants.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, there is an anecdote going around the bazaars of Karachi roughly as follows.
Hamas random rocket attacks cannot be supported, yet it was not entirely the responsibility of Hamas that the cease-fire ended.
All that remains is this one area of concern that matters to farmers, namely we are practising sustainable farming, but what about everyone else?
Therefore, I would like to stress that the European Union should pay more attention to the implementation of such programmes, as they help countries and cultures flourish.
For depositors, investors, borrowers and taxpayers these stress tests do not offer transparency and that is a travesty.
The EU and the Faroes have concluded their negotiations on establishing a scientific and technological cooperation agreement, which was initialled on 13 July 2009.
Therefore, Commissioner, we for our part must make every effort to consolidate this strategic association between the European Union and Latin America, which these partnerships with Mexico and Brazil will stimulate and move forward a long way.
This means that the assent of our Chamber will be necessary both in the case of the ratification of trade agreements and on questions of investment (concerning foreign direct investments).
This is our basic principle; it determines every policy we make and each step we take.
The ECR Group today voted in support of this directive, which focuses on cross-border cooperation to prevent and combat this heinous crime of trafficking human beings.
Allow me to read you a quotation from a report by Europol, Eurojust and Frontex on the state of internal security in the EU.
How social is that?
If no agreement is reached, the Commission issues a decision that is voted on by the Standing Committee.
in writing. - I supported this Interim Economic Partnership Agreement with Papua New Guinea and Fiji as it is important to develop strong links with exporting countries in the Pacific Region.
The right to privacy, to information freedom and to fair and proper trial are the cornerstones of a free and open society.
This gives the Commission a central role, in cooperation with BEREC, to ensure that the Telecoms Regulation is applied consistently in the single market in the interests of citizens and businesses.
They just allowed people to die, week after week.
The European Employment Strategy and the guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States are some of the main instruments aiming to guide the policy of the European Union and the Member States in realising the objectives and targets set out in the Europe 2020 Strategy.
2.
As the rapporteur has written, in 2006 in the EU-25 alone 43 million people were undernourished and 79 million were threatened with poverty, which is more than 20% of the total population of the EU.
Let us recall that, in 2007, the European Community and the Member States together contributed 60% of all development aid, making the European Union the world's leading donor.
The authorities have announced the organisation of elections during this year for the first time since 1990.
The aim of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is to help workers who suffer the consequences of major changes in the structure of international trade and to help them re-enter the labour market.
If nature destroys, people rebuild.
In addition, in order to address the objectives of consumer safety and animal health protection, competitiveness of the veterinary industry including SMEs and reduction of administrative burden, the Commission will present in 2010 an assessment of the problems in the application of the veterinary medicinal products directive with a view to making, where appropriate, legal proposals.
We must fight for the same principles, the same values and retain a permanent memory of the victims of all these forms of totalitarianism.
Of course there were countries where Nazism enabled or helped to bring about the subsequent establishment of Communism and its associated crimes.
Soap, shampoo, toothpaste, lotions, deodorants, suntan lotions - they are all around us and affect us all.
On the climate change issue, there is an urgent need to act and not to leave developing countries powerless.
It is not clear why the Council and the Commission gave up on this point: we do not intend to give up, and so we are voting against the report precisely because the origin certificate has been omitted.
Parliament will continue to be focused and united on this issue, and I hope that the Commission and the Member States will also continue to take this approach.
In that report, I talked about the challenges confronting agriculture and highlighted the ways in which the common agricultural policy is going to have to change in order to meet those challenges.
After these had been received from the Commission, the Council immediately set to work.
However, when these children remain in care for too long, they are often targeted by traders in prostitution and organ trafficking for these new slave traders.
In the case of Madeira, I am talking specifically about the need to remove barriers to the exporting and shipping of processed products, which are severely restricting the development and growth of the agro-industrial sector.
That is precisely what this regulation is about.
I would like to remind everyone that the programme is urgent and the Commission needs to get started on the action that Parliament has asked it to take.
Mr President, Commissioner, I think that it is a slight exaggeration to call the Interim Economic Partnership Agreements 'Pacific Agreements', since, of the 15 ACP States in the area, only two are signatories to them.
It means responsible representation of citizens; not the winner takes all, but seeking constructive compromise between majority and minority participation.
We want an EEAS with a broad basis, we want it to be close to the Commission and we want it to have access to all services, including the services of the Council Secretariat.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have listened to you very carefully and I am very grateful to you for the diversity and quality of your speeches.
Ukraine must have stability. The loan granted by the European Commission, with the approval of the Community legislative, also provides confirmation that Kiev can be considered as a candidate for accession.
One way to achieve energy efficiency is to provide buildings with thermal insulation.
However, the Council's primary mission is to seek a meeting-point, a compromise acceptable to all.
At the moment, Bosnia and Herzegovina's system of government is too costly, too ineffective and simply incompatible with membership of the European Union.
In this field of telecommunications, I must say that the situation is at times absolutely unbearable.
In December, Parliament sent a clear signal to the Council on eurobonds but there has been no constructive response from either the Council or the Commission.
The situation there is indeed a matter of concern.
Firstly, we need to strengthen the African Union and its representations in all international bodies - the Security Council, G20 and the Pan-African Parliament.
This being so, the tests must quite clearly be realistic.
Mr President, our party believes that preservation of fish stocks should be the responsibility of each Member State, whose fishermen would have sole access to its own country's waters.
Although Romania has a democratic constitution, its articles are often blatantly flouted.
The debate is closed.
Twenty years of the Centre-Right in the US and in Europe making it too difficult for Greens and others to push an ambitious agenda.
Instability will remain in the region, in spite of the successes achieved in ISAF operations.
Let us look at one aspect at a time, starting with the proposals relating to Zimbabwe and Somalia.
We have therefore voted today in plenary to amend the legislation in force on maternity leave, in order to encourage the employment of women while enabling them to have a family in the best possible conditions.
Fortunately, the euro is stable both internally and externally.
Public service broadcasting in the digital era: the future of the dual system (short presentation)
The first requirement is that all these agreements include clauses compelling European investors to behave responsibly abroad in economic, social and environmental matters.
Those items which we must definitely mention include the fact that the Court of Auditors had to declare that the error rate for the use of cohesion funds was 11%.
They meet the criteria.
Also, how does Mr Netanyahu propose to stop the rapid colonisation of Jerusalem and the West Bank?
The proposal for the creation of a European Year of Mental Health is also important.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Finally, I agree with you, Mr Karas, that it is essential for the European Parliament to play an even greater role in this process.
No sooner had it been adopted - what is more, unanimously - this excellent report was buried completely.
The fact that the visa fee could not be reduced from EUR 60 to EUR 35 is disappointing.
Oppression of women is good, drinking alcohol is bad.
Which is the right direction?
Greater investment in prevention and more care in the preparation and training of personnel can also make all the difference.
It was a difficult agreement to reach, as our debates have clearly shown.
Let us hope that the European Union takes on a leading role within the international community in supporting whatever new state emerges from Southern Sudan's referendum, in order to solve all the outstanding problems mentioned here, from returnees to natural resources.
With this in mind, I believe that encouragement must be given to the Icelandic authorities' initiative to launch a public debate and consult with all the stakeholders in this project. This is all the more important as a recent survey highlighted that Icelanders would like to receive more information about the EU and its policies.
The decision was taken in March 2008 to initiate negotiations with the Republic of Moldova, which have now been completed.
A number of countries are having very great problems with the euro.
As the organisation and the framework conditions are different from one Member State to the next, no standardising decision can be taken at EU level.
Iceland is a member of EFTA, most of EU-Iceland economic relations fall under the EEA, Iceland is an associate member of the Schengen agreement and has many other trade, economic and social ties to the EU.
Rather, it is an area which has continually expanded over the last few years and which today comprises 25 countries, three of which are not members of the European Union.
I will conclude by saying that this is part of the new responsibility arising out of the Treaty of Lisbon and I think this time, we are beginning to assume the responsibilities of Parliament effectively and we will do the same with the next file being worked on, soon to arrive in this Chamber.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have now completed the legislative process on the European External Action Service.
The European Council held in late March 2009 proposed allocating EUR 3.98 billion to the energy sector and EUR 1.02 billion to the Rural Development Fund, in order to create new broadband infrastructure in the countryside, improve existing infrastructure and respond to new challenges: climate change, renewable energy, biodiversity and the restructuring of the dairy sector.
More poverty and more social inequality also translate to a loss of competitiveness.
When we encourage people to be mobile, we must ensure that those who change their country of employment and their pension system can be sure that their social insurance contributions are deducted in the right way and are credited to the right accounts, and that the security of their future pension will rise as a result of Community solutions in the area of principles of investment and supervision of pension funds.
Cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy (short presentation)
Just because the Member States want to see economic growth and less public debt, that does not entitle us to let our priorities go to waste.
As regards the specific issue of the implementation of Article 10 of the visa facilitation agreement, which provides for the simplification of the registration procedure, we noted in our evaluation that Russia had adopted some simplification; it is now possible to register by post, for example.
Mr President, I am sorry to prolong this but as it happens, the voting lists have been circulated to all the groups.
Mr President, the UK Government, in the form of the Department for Transport, actually undertook an assessment of the effects of this measure.
We currently have naval units there from the European Union, from NATO and from the US-led coalition maritime forces with very good coordination of the patrols and with the very essential intelligence cooperation that is necessary for an operation of this sort.
This would ensure an equitable division of efforts and prevent the development of a two-speed Europe, which would disrupt the cohesion and governance of the EU.
The commercial availability of a variety of falsified medicines, especially life-saving medicines, has therefore rightly aroused the fears of citizens.
We must not turn away boats full of refugees as we have done in the past.
That issue is the closest possible cooperation between the European Union and Ukraine.
Now is the time to take responsibility, and responsibility also involves Europe and the Member States.
President of the Commission. - Not only did the letter have my support but before Mrs Kroes sent the letter, I told her to send a letter, so my position on those issues is very clear.
The future viability of the EU should not be measured in terms of decimal places.
Mr President, ever since I came to the European Parliament, I keep asking myself why Switzerland and Norway have not joined the European Union, and I wonder if it is because they have the best of both worlds.
Vice-President/High Representative Ashton, you have very clearly heard this morning that Parliament will fully support your leadership role and is demanding that you take the initiative in our common foreign and security policy.
The Presidency will of course work closely not only with the Member States, but also with this Parliament.
According to the opposition, the main problem is not with the vote count but with electoral roles, which allegedly include several hundred thousand 'dead souls' or people who do not exist.
At the time, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance voted against the Services Directive because it had many shortcomings and because it failed to guarantee legal certainty.
This market is growing rapidly and is increasingly dependent on imports from third countries.
We therefore need to talk about intimidation by the secret police and restrictions on the freedom of the press and the ability to take part in the elections unhindered.
The European External Action Service must equally examine which economic sanctions actually hit the target and which of them merely impact upon the Iranian people.
Huge progress has been made in the field of competition over recent years.
I think we can do much better, but we need a bit of support.
All of you are going through that every time you vote in this Parliament, I suspect.
(DE) Mr President, the right to draw up a budget is the central right of a parliament.
Along with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the conflict in Cyprus, it is part of a group of cases that are proving difficult to resolve and are lasting a long time.
There is conflict over land and water rights and longstanding tensions with the southern region, which has felt marginalised since unification in 1991.
3.
However, we must not forget the need to ensure that domestic jobs - not all of which should be regarded as precarious and undervalued or underpaid - are indeed decent jobs.
At the most, it is simply cynical manipulation for obscure purposes.
Thus, in the same year, Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies was adopted.
Mr President, I do not want to delay the proceedings, and I am glad to see that Mr Cashman is in such good voice.
Madam President, I abstained on the 2010 report on Iceland.
We are waiting for the Treaty of Lisbon to be applied in full.
I was in Italy at the time, and offered condolences publicly to our friends, partners and all Italians.
Closure of the sitting
The EU should consistently prioritise human rights, especially for ethnic and cultural minorities, in its relations with China.
We should also like to include parental leave in this framework, which, as we have seen, was not the choice of the Commission.
Terrorist attacks could not have been foreseen and nor could the natural and disastrous events - not only earthquakes - which unfortunately are increasingly frequent in our disaster-stricken world.
The Mauritanian fisheries sector is extremely important to Mauritania's economy, representing 10% of the country's GDP and 35-50% of its exports.
Here, too, there is a window of opportunity, as it will take time to build up the trans-Atlantic market, because it is a complex process.
The letter sent today by the Chair of ECOFIN, Minister György Matolcsy, in reply to the letter sent by the Chair of ECON this morning, was written in this spirit, and I trust that, along with the Commission's opinion, you will find it to be a satisfactory response.
(PT) Mr President, I join in congratulating our rapporteur on his work, as also the various political groups, the Commission and our committee in the person of its chairman.
So, how is that linked to our debate this evening?
The next Conference of the Parties, to be held in Doha in March, referred to as the 'COP XV', is a great opportunity to debate a series of proposals to change the classification of various species of flora and fauna in the appendices to the Convention according to the level of threat, and other proposals to improve the application and observance of the Convention.
In these cases, social justice is only achieved through solidarity, not forgetting that all of society benefits from each of its citizens having decent living conditions.
I would emphasise, too, that Member States also make fiscal contributions.
On the contrary, we should have positive expectations in this respect.
However, structural funds should be used only within the Member States to which they have been allocated.
They have not conquered cancer, but a great many medicines and a great many therapies have emerged as a result.
Given the introduction of that protection, and the value of the underlying principle of this legislation, I strongly support the compromise.
In my opinion, it is very important to collect and analyse information on the use of animal health products, including antibiotic substances.
I should like to comment specifically on four points.
I think that the Medvedev initiative should not be immediately rejected.
I therefore voted in favour of Saïd El Khadraoui's report.
The first - thanks to an amendment tabled by the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe - is a reference to the position of single-person households.
It also faces an increase in the prices of essential goods and services, and EUR 30 billion in interest, which equates to around 40% of the total loan.
This Parliament claims that the EU is adding more value at international level than the sum of individual Member States.
So be it!
Everyone knows that.
We would like to express solidarity with the victims' families as well as with all those who have lost everything they owned and who are going to feel the effects of the leak of toxic sludge for many years to come.
All major web pages, for example Europa, have the election logo and link to Parliament's elections website.
Poles are suffering discrimination during restitution of land.
The provisions of the directive should play a particular role in matters relating to all types of online transaction.
I hope that the money has not been used for training the police in how to use violence against the population.
If we had to include this proposal within the more general framework of the review of the accounting directives, as the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs wanted, that would certainly take longer.
So if we go to Jerusalem to meet the Israeli negotiator, I do not care where we go.
We do not accept an exchange of liberty for more security because, in the end, we will lose both.
It is important for EU Member States, in particular, Lithuania, to actively seek closer cooperation with their Eastern neighbours, even if some differences remain.
Does the Commission consider that the need for Basel III is a result of the recent financial crisis or will the accord offset the structural weaknesses which Basel II was unable to rectify?
I would like to highlight the need to ensure the free trade agreement (FTA) does not limit the powers that the Indian Government needs to resolve problems of poverty and inequality.
7. (
I voted in favour of the resolution because of the set of guidelines contained within it.
It is necessary to start dealing with such materials, and their proper storage, limited access, controls, etc., from the very beginning and not just create ex post facto intervention programmes.
The three European citizens who were held hostage in Darfur for several months have been released but, at the same time, we know the situation in Darfur is as it has been previously.
The Agency must redress this situation and inform the European Parliament on the actions taken.
I am glad to see that there is a strong consensus between Parliament and the Commission that accession negotiations should start, as expressed in Mr Thaler's constructive and forward-looking report.
(DE) Madam President, contrary to the view of those advocates of the EU who wear rose-tinted glasses, accession to the Union alone is not enough to resolve all conflicts just like that.
The new agreement is one way to do this.
(SK) I would like to talk about the Schengen Information System.
This is but a first step forward towards transparent relations between European institutions and lobbyists.
Referring precisely to the questions from Ms Harkin and Mr De Rossa - Mr De Rossa's being Irish-oriented - we are setting the same rate as the IMF in this respect.
For example, the Western Balkans, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Israel and some others are associated countries.
The LTTE, which has been blacklisted by the EU as a terrorist organisation, must now surely lay down its arms and surrender.
In particular, we insist on the importance of conducting a thorough assessment of the human rights aspects of the European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which should notably address the coherence and efficiency of the existing mechanisms such as the Action Plans, Progress Reports, Human Rights dialogues and the decision-making process of upgrading relations with non-EU countries.
The G20 summit in Seoul is a major meeting.
Perhaps the time has come, in addition to extra prevention measures, for the European Union to introduce a moratorium banning offshore drilling in EU waters with immediate effect, to match the US moratorium?
That means, has meant and will mean a great deal for the EU's strength in Copenhagen and also in the very important climate work that we will have to do afterwards.
Unfortunately, many people do not feel this way.
We have a policy that limits greenhouse gas emissions.
There are still snags, there are still sticking points and if the economy is not in a position to present a common model that works within the European Union, then the Commission - as stipulated in this proposal for a resolution - must present a concrete proposal within a certain period of time, let us say before the end of the year.
One illustration of this is the trialogue in preparation for the 2011 budget.
What I mean is that, while the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) refused us an urgent debate on Uganda about the laws against homosexuals and another urgent debate on Iran about the executions being carried out there, they would now like us to get involved in the game of being for or against Ortega, with the demonstrations going on over there.
Over the past two years, the list of countries in which it has been possible to close down a business entirely within a year has remained the same.
In this way, we are repeating, at a European level, the mistakes which several countries have made in recent years.
A negative opinion from Parliament would be damaging to our nascent dialogue with Turkmenistan and would undermine our ability to secure progress in important areas such as greater respect for human rights.
This balance needs to be evident in particular in small markets and sparsely populated areas, such as Finland and elsewhere in Scandinavia.
However, the Council cannot commit to reassigning funds without respecting the Commission's right of initiative and the powers shared by Parliament in this area.
In my country, there is a saying that attack is the best form of defence.
For this reason, the Commission agrees with the decision by the legislator to extend the terms on the feeding of animal species protected in their natural habitats with by-products of animal origin; whereas the current rules refer to vultures and eagles, the new regulation will also make it possible to find appropriate solutions for wolves and bears.
Culture, like other historical phenomena, does not come from some kind of homogenous shared identity but rather, it is indicative of antagonisms, conflicts and cultural domination.
What we want is the creation of a working group to look at how these memorandums are drawn up and how they take account of the actual situation of the country in question, but also of the European Union's overall strategy, particularly as regards arbitrage between investments, purchasing power support and conditionality in terms of a strategy on environmental growth and sustainable development.
In addition, the European Union must also focus on financing the appropriate measures for adapting to climate change.
Rejecting the change proposed by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs amounts to denying the power to improve a text within the framework of a normal procedure, which is a serious error.
I urge the Commission to approach this whole issue in a more practical and sensible fashion by bringing in a tolerance level for GM admixture similar to that for other contaminants.
Equally disturbing is the advancing reduction in the level of the EU budget in relation to the GNI of EU Member States.
I should like, however, to make two comments.
This will allow European airlines to fly to all destinations within the United States.
(ES) Madam President, the origin of the infection that caused twenty-one deaths in Germany last week is still unknown.
There are two key points here - the first is that the public money given to these developing countries must be new, additional money and should not come from existing aid budgets.
I can give you the answer.
This is in conflict with my country's policy of non-alignment.
To start with, a joint action to combat trafficking in human beings was adopted in 1997.
It is worth remembering once again that this sector is also enduring a serious crisis in Portugal, where it is suffering the effects of the liberalisation of world trade particularly intensely, while none of the actions needed to safeguard it have been taken.
Mr President, it is pointless for me to quote it.
I intend discussing with them the options and necessary actions to ensure that European standards are brought to the highest possible level and apply uniformly across the whole of Europe.
This proposal aims to improve the conditions of security and health associated with parenthood.
He was shot twice and wounded.
The report marks an important step in the fight against this disease in the European Union and is essential for introducing a new form of cooperation between Member States, enabling coordinated measures to be taken to combat certain problems affecting the whole of Europe.
As I made clear, a rotating Presidency is part of an ongoing European process; it does not constitute an entirely new start.
The Europe 2020 Strategy aims at an employment rate of 75% among men and women aged between 20-64.
In broad terms, it is consistent with the aim of improving the functioning of the internal market while creating added value for consumers.
Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, former colleagues from the European Convention, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Elmar Brok, on having clearly defined the position of the European Parliament on the matters associated with the creation of a European External Action Service.
Documents received: see Minutes
I wanted to ask Mr Chatzimarkakis what he believes to be the most urgent steps which the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia must take in order to make progress in the dispute over the name and to ensure that the negotiations which are just beginning are as successful as possible.
Israel and Palestine can use it as a basis on which to exchange land for peace.
Of course, any action through ACTA has to be proportional to the aims.
That also helps the countries by enabling them to use their resources for other things.
in writing. - I strongly support this resolution which demands that all the provisions of Directive 1999/74/EC on the welfare of laying hens be fully implemented by all Member States by the deadline of 1 January 2012.
Mr President, the Treaty of Lisbon has been ratified by all 27 Member States.
Furthermore, in Strasbourg on 5 February Parliament adopted Written Declaration 0080/2008 - http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getDoc.do?type=TA&reference=P6-TA-2009-0081&language=SL" encouraging the recognition of Alzheimer's as a European public health priority.
in writing. - (DE) I abstained from voting on this discharge.
The closed door and forced return policies used by some Member States over the last few years in relation to their Mediterranean neighbours may have prevented some migrants from reaching Europe, by means of increased controls within North African ports, patrols in the Mediterranean and even some more brutal methods, such as electric shocks.
The European Union must fully respect the division of powers between the Union and the Member States when creating legislation.
The possibility and ability to learn and work in an international context is a prerequisite for a successful working life in a globalised economy.
The Commission has also adopted policies aimed at reducing racist content online, notably the recommendation on the protection of minors and human dignity and the right of reply, which calls for action against discrimination in all media.
They want autonomy.
As a result, it is the focus for the attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based and act as an important source of information for Members in the performance of their duties It is, however, essential to establish mechanisms for recording and monitoring.
The European Commission and Parliament must democratically adopt regulations to protect not only the interests of large producers and bankers but also the needy in the rich, democratic European Union.
For human reasons, I propose the introduction of everyone's right to reside in their native land, in their home country, and appropriate economic and other conditions should be created in the world, including in countries considered second-rate EU Member States, to ensure that people can live in the country that is their homeland.
But it is not a disease that mostly affects gay men any more.
It takes the view that the multilateral trade system put in place by the World Trade Organisation (WTO) represents the most suitable framework for regulating and promoting open and fair trade and, at the same time, it is working towards the successful conclusion of the Doha Development Agenda.
The UCITS framework Directive, to which the Klinz report refers, ensures cost transparency - and something which is particularly important at a time of economic and financial crisis in the EU - a high degree of investor protection.
How could a June adoption be possible?
This is proof that Ukraine increasingly feels itself to be part of the community of European democratic states.
I believe that the courageous citizens who were - and still are - demonstrating in Syria at great personal risk have missed your voice even more.
One cannot oppose a draft that states obvious facts such as the need to 'place emphasis on the rights and interests of patients', the need to oblige companies to publicly list the adverse reactions of their medicines and the need to publish information in all the official languages of the European Union.
I hope this programme will soon become operational and the process of approving applications will be swift and not tied up in red tape.
The vital component of this cooperation is that it is following an unhurried course, crossing national, regional, local or even administrative borders, because it is the answer to real needs in the daily lives of the people in the area, an answer formulated through initiative and participation of various levels of governance and not something which is being imposed, proving that multiple-level governance can provide these solutions at local level.
You will certainly hear voices from the Commission appealing clearly to keep financing for education-related activities and for research and innovatory aid at the highest possible level, even under these very difficult economic constraints.
I voted for adoption of the report on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation amending Annex 11 to the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on trade in agricultural products.
It is important that this cohesion be economic, social and territorial, and that it act as a pull on the poorer regions.
Everyone tells us that the brutal military intervention yesterday was a means of neutralising heavy arms.
I regret that it was not possible to initiate an interinstitutional dialogue with the European Parliament during the autumn.
In order to meet such challenges, we must develop an effective threat detection and conflict resolution system.
I think that fellow Members Linda McAvan and Salvatore Tatarella have drafted reports which will help the European Union to remain one of the world's most environmentally-friendly regions.
When the Treaty of Lisbon comes into force, it will make legislative procedures much simpler. The most significant progress in this respect will be the increase in the number of areas where decisions are adopted by the EU Council by qualified majority (rather than unanimously), as well as the increase in the number of areas where the European Parliament will have the role of colegislator, along with the EU Council.
Madam President, I would like to make reference to a press release that the Commission itself issued on 19 December last year in connection with the State aid decision on the Dutch social housing system.
That is why we support it and I congratulate the rapporteur on the result achieved.
The conclusion of these agreements has made it possible to bring an end to one of the most complex and longest=running disputes against the EU in the World Trade Organisation.
It is a shame that no one listened to us.
Let us be clear.
Also, ACTA has been discussed several times in the Committee on International Trade in the last three years.
The European Union has to decide whether it wants to act or react.
However, that final bill will still have to be paid.
This implies that it thinks the proposals are first class and then it will be bound by the substance of the regulation anyway.
One of the most important tasks will be the containment of piracy and, in this context, we strongly appreciate the effort of the French presidency that accomplished the difficult start of deploying the first EU naval mission.
My second point concerns the role and responsibility of travel agents.
I am very grateful to the rapporteur for this important text, and I hope that the Commission and the Council will grant our requests in full.
Especially needed are investments in the hard sectors, such as transport, environment and, last but not least, energy.
If I could have the incoming Commission inherit, so to speak, one thing from me, it would be this.
The interim agreement covers rules of origin in relation to fisheries, textiles and agriculture whilst, however, establishing derogations that could threaten the competitiveness of some EU industries.
I welcome the adoption of this report on the proposal for a directive on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding, and of measures aimed at helping workers to achieve a work-life balance.
but I have the impression that you have not just come here to listen to me.
One aspect to consider, then, is transparency in the collection of public and private donations and the effectiveness of distribution of aid provided to populations.
Is there a time limit to this bilateral agreement?
Europe has made a mess of its own asylum system.
It is not possible, however, for a presidential election to produce two winners in one country.
Among the various forms of organised insecurity, there is one that is more difficult to eradicate than others: domestic employees.
- Report: Florenz
The solution to our problems, as I said at the beginning of my speech, is to have more Europe, not less.
It is high time that international justice did its work, in Sri Lanka as elsewhere.
The European Union is a democratic institution which comprises many Member States.
As far as our party is concerned, the European Union should only be involved in matters relating to economic and monetary cooperation.
It may be said that we are witnessing a radical change in tone after nearly three decades dominated by the model of deregulation and theories on the alleged infallibility of the financial markets.
Perhaps this House, too, should take another look at the directive and tighten up the framework, as Mr Grosch said.
Madagascar
Apart from this issue, we will vote in favour, because it is clear that progress has been made.
(DE) Mr President, the Treaty of Lisbon is intended to strengthen the European Union and with that, naturally, primarily the European Commission and also our Parliament.
Nevertheless, the prospect of Member States strengthening or weakening the requirements is not inspiring.
Therefore, complementing fiscal surveillance, the Commission intends coming forward with proposals for the broadening of economic surveillance in the euro area, addressing macro-economic imbalances and competitive developments.
And if I am being accused....
One of our fundamental values is respect for human rights, human dignity and human life, and no pragmatic interests can be above these values.
As we are going to discuss the problem of the Council, it would be very bad if the Council was not invited for this item.
What would the citizens do?
I believe that, considering the international nature of this area, we should plan to enable Europe-wide queries from registers, in order to better protect clients from unfair competition.
It applies to the installation and consequently, the necessary remedial measures that have to be undertaken, by the liable operator who should bear the full cost of remediation.
The Presidency can assure the honourable Member that it is taking all measures to enable the rapid adoption of this regulation as soon as the European Parliament has issued its opinion.
Only appropriate support from the European Union will enable these projects to be continued.
It is not possible to comment on every issue, but I would like to mention briefly the sulphur emission control areas.
Nevertheless, Pakistan should redouble its efforts to ensure better integration of religious minorities, including the Christian minority, within social, economic and political institutions.
This directive thus aims to improve the functioning of the internal market by ensuring a high level of supervision and prudential regulation and by protecting depositors, investors and all beneficiaries.
The second feature: we are the only truly European financial institution; our shareholders are all Member States, and they are exclusively Member States of the European Union.
Instead of seriously analysing the part that the EU itself played in this failure, the majority of this House persists in picking scapegoats such as China (whose per capita atmospheric emissions of carbon dioxide are less than half those of the EU), and now the countries of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America.
Then I pick up a report like this and I discover that EUR 1.6 billion of European taxpayers' money has been spent on this edifice that is the European Parliament, then I discover that EUR 9.3 million has been lavished upon the political parties in the European Parliament, and then I look and see a reaffirmation of a commitment to a 30% reduction in carbon emissions by 2020, but not a single mention of the most outrageous emission of all - that which flows from the unnecessary travel to this place, 12 times a year.
Admittedly, the European Council and Parliament had agreed that this update would take place in 2008-2009, but that was four years ago, which is an eternity.
The EU has addressed this issue far too late and it remains to be seen whether the decisions taken by the European Council will actually be followed by action.
We are not even able to stand behind Mr Bouazizi - that is the truth about this Parliament.
Mrs Harms, you mentioned the fact that I am French, but I am going to go further than that.
The reversal of the burden of proof laid down in the directive will mean that it is possible to open legal proceedings on the basis of accusations not backed up by sufficient evidence.
However, the Eastern Partnership must not be used to stall the EU membership ambitions of countries manifestly entitled to apply for such status, namely Ukraine and Moldova.
That is something that struck me, because there is actually a feeling of embarrassment in our institutions, and in that sense we are playing the game of the fundamentalists, who tend to identify the presence of Christians in the Middle East and other parts of the world precisely with the West and Europe.
I strongly believe that no person should ever be discriminated against on the basis of his or her religion or belief, disability or age.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, like everyone, we are all, obviously, involved in and upset by this situation, but I believe that it is a duty, at least for me, to reject any kind of hypocrisy.
(CS) Madam President, the day is finally approaching when a unified agricultural policy will apply in the old and new Member States, ending 10 years of discrimination against farmers from the new Member States.
(The President interrupted the speaker)
(PT) Mr President, Commissioner, something relatively clear has emerged from the obscure process which has been directed by the European Commission, namely, the intention to widen the scope and costs of intellectual property rights, leading to still more profit for large corporations.
The second reserve relates to the Financial Regulation.
However, we must not forget that there are still at least 2 200 other political prisoners being held in terrible conditions under the Burmese military dictatorship.
Since the Republic of South Korea acceded to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in 1990, and is a signatory to most of the major human rights treaties, moving backwards would be very harmful to its international reputation.
The steady rise in basic food prices is an acute problem which cannot be ignored.
Often, successful candidates who have been chosen in competitions - those who were successful in a competition - accept a job outside the European Union institutions because they simply cannot wait so long, and the entire recruitment process is wasted.
I am sorry but the two terms are absolutely contradictory, because they would require restructuring and we know very well that restructuring causes greater poverty in these countries.
If there was a lesson to be learnt from the recent crisis, it was that we need to reform the institutional supervisory structure by creating European agencies and, with this, reformulate the entire concept of macro and micro-economic supervision.
It is not enough to say that we defend these rights.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank Mrs Weiler for the excellent work she has done.
In assessing them, we are interested in consideration being given to the specific nature of the nuclear technology used in Romania, compared with the nuclear technologies used in the EU.
the report by Mrs Mathieu, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Network and Information Security Agency for the financial year 2008 (SEC(2009)1089 - C7-0196/2009 -,
The issue here is something very important: European citizenship.
In accordance with Rule 140 of the Rules of Procedure, I am putting this motion to a vote.
We are in favour of the free movement of workers and of ensuring that the Member States comply with the directive.
We need to strengthen these regulatory agencies, making them fit for purpose, and the funding for youth employment schemes must come from the Commission's budget.
(ES) Mr President, there is an urgent need for concrete measures to reduce the impact that the increase in fuel prices is having on the fisheries sector.
There is sufficient margin for savings, for example in the uncontrolled growth of EU agencies.
A good place to start would be for the EU Member States to ratify all of the updated ILO conventions as soon as possible.
That is crucial.
This report details the objectives of a plan to maintain the biomass of the stock of anchovy in the Bay of Biscay at a level that allows its sustainable exploitation in accordance with maximum sustainable yield, on the basis of scientific advice, and while ensuring as much stability and profitability for the fishing sector as is practicable.
Safety on the Community's railways (
However, when it comes to Nabucco, all we hear are promises, but there is neither sufficient money nor political support.
In this regard it is important that this Parliament speaks out against this hysterical vision of a looming invasion of migrants and asylum seekers coming from the South.
Secondly, there is the need for full implementation of single market principles in the macroregion, taking into account the experience and engagement at local and regional level.
Without real autonomy in income, there will not be real autonomy in expenditure.
Another example is Turkey's behaviour on the question of Iran, which is totally contrary to EU foreign policy and its commitments under the Ankara Protocol.
The President of the European Parliament, Mr Pöttering, was in the chair when Mr Schulz spoke, and so this is a question for Mr Pöttering.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, it is a great pleasure for me to have an opportunity to speak to you this morning.
The phrase 'just a housewife' needs to be outlawed.
The merits of this text are that it proposes a method that is based more on risks and controls, and makes the regulations on animal by-products and the legislation on hygiene more consistent, while also introducing additional rules on the traceability of animal by-products.
The latter were addressed in a report - an own-initiative report - by our Parliament, drafted by my fellow Member, Mr Rack, who is here in the Chamber.
Finally we offer our full support to the process of democratic transition.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Madam President, I would like to address a few points.
Union means strength, and the European Union, in presenting a divided front, showed weakness.
The only relevant question at this particular moment is the question about the role of urban dimension in the future architecture of cohesion policy post 2013 - however, the report remains open in this point and does not make a clear recommendation.
All of us who supported this treaty would like to see this service, too, as a successful project.
It is equally important that the interim agreement contains detailed provisions on data protection for the information that the US receives from SWIFT via the European authority.
In short, Russia is an indispensable partner for the Union, not only economically but also politically.
The Commission needs to be on the alert to ensure that European competition laws are complied with to the letter, so that we can prevent the large multinationals from abusing their dominant position on the market by artificially depressing prices to start with, in order to oust small producers, and then creating cartels and increasing prices, so that they become very expensive to European consumers.
(ES) Mr President, as you know, Niger, one of the central countries of the Sahel region, is holding presidential and parliamentary elections at the end of this month.
We have to do this, and we completely understand that we have to do this.
As the purchasing power of workers, the retired and pensioners has fallen over the last 10 years, the profits of economic and financial groups have reached their highest level in 30 years, resulting in the joy and satisfaction that we have heard in this Chamber.
I am therefore voting in favour of the choice of Mr Farkas as Executive Director of the European Supervisory Authority, and wish him a term of high quality in all respects.
Sympathy and a cool head are, I believe, the two things which should guide our actions now.
These new responsibilities affect all of us, whether we are MEPs, members of the Council or members of the Commission.
the oral question to the Commission on concerns about the correct application of the EU visa liberalisation scheme in Serbia and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, by Simon Busuttil, Manfred Weber, Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, Monika Hohlmeier, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party - B7-0654/2010).
Yes, Mr Kožušník, I will lead this debate with all the strength I have, but I cannot lead it on my own, everywhere, in every single country.
This means maintaining an ambitious common agricultural policy that can satisfy our most basic long-term need: food.
The banking sector in the United Kingdom at the moment is one very clear area where there will have to be, when economic circumstances become a little calmer, a general review of the new architecture that we have got and of whether that architecture really is compatible with the operation of a free, fair and open market.
It is simply not serious to put that argument forward.
I think both institutions can take some pride in our shared commitment to making the system work, and the last five years have provided plenty of examples that it does work and work very effectively.
But there is a lot to do and - as I referred to in my introductory remarks to Mrs Harkin - the Council has made a lot of recommendations regarding how you could work in increasing the flexibility, work with the different support systems and activate people in order to avoid the exclusion mechanism.
One cannot play a necessary collaborative role towards two dictatorships one day only to revile them the next day and seek to have tutelage over the Egyptian constitutional reforms, which will shape the future state.
We need to empower individuals about the choices they have, about their bodies and about denying the rights that others wish to force upon them - particularly men - or those, like transgendered people, who are often sex workers and have no choice but to yield to the demands of others.
Words like 'proportionate' and 'dissuasive' have been used.
We need a Europe that is uncompromising when it comes to defending its values and its interests, which rejects protectionism of all kinds, but without being naive, and which can demonstrate this proactive spirit.
In this sense, the document could contribute to a better functioning of the internal market by increasing consumer confidence.
Individual entrepreneurs and founders of micro-enterprises will also be assisted by way of mentoring, training, coaching and capacity building, in addition to interest-rate support from the European Social Fund.
As far as Turkey is concerned, the message from the exceptionally balanced report by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten remains the same as in previous years.
The Commission has been committed to providing leadership in ensuring that the most vulnerable people in crisis have access to safe, adequate and nutritious food.
Minimum standards should ensure consumer safety.
I voted for our rapporteur's proposal. I believe that both parties will stand to gain if the obligations assumed under this protocol are fulfilled.
At this point, I should also mention the impact of the WTO Doha Development Round on an EU-India FTA.
Indeed, what is it about?
Those countries that are currently badly affected around the world and within the EU will be tempted to promise their workers and their undertakings protection against foreign competition.
The latter only receive access to the European market if a cooperation agreement is in place to ensure information exchange between the supervisory authorities.
I, and the vast majority of my constituents in Northern Ireland, remain firm in the belief of the right to life of the unborn child.
The EU must not remain passive.
In the same week in which North Korea aggressively announced its new plans and finally evicted the IAEA from the country, the IAEA has in turn announced that it would start new negotiations with between 30 and 50 developing countries on civilian armament; it is called equipment, but I call it armament.
All the relevant policies have therefore been brought to bear in the fight against social exclusion.
I am hoping for more equality as regards the first pillar.
Request for the waiver of Agnes Hankiss's parliamentary immunity (
We are saying the same thing.
This lays down, among other things, that a safety authority is to be established in each Member State, which must be independent from the railway undertakings and the infrastructure manager, and whose tasks include monitoring, encouraging and enforcing railway safety and developing a regulatory framework.
The use of capital punishment has not been observed to reduce the incidence of the most serious crimes.
The structure of the new Commission, like the choice of figures who will occupy the posts of President of the Council and High Representative for Foreign Affairs, are crucial.
The standardisation of objectives in a Framework for Key Competences was an important step towards achieving the goals proposed for 2010, which were not, however, fully achieved.
It is not necessary for me to repeat them, but I do fully support them.
Community Statistical Programme (2008-2012) (vote)
Vice-President of the Commission. - Madam President, everybody is talking about the Stockholm Programme.
That said, it is important to stress that adapting to the directive is quite burdensome for the sector's companies: 30% per hen in Portugal.
They should be sent back to Tunisia where they came from.
The speculators did indeed profit from your statements.
Thank you very much for your attention.
As part of the budgetary authority, Parliament may also request agencies to justify their performance.
Moreover, I should like to emphasise that the European Parliament has always been in favour of granting financing measures for the banana sector to the 10 ACP banana-producing countries.
We are all sinners - some more than others.
Ultimately, a distinction must be made between what is accidental and what is necessary and important, and I think you have done a good job.
Not only is the procedure tortuous, but the answers are always vague, laconic, and of the type which say 'you are right, but it is not within my remit'.
In a state that has been part of the European Union since 2004, with a population of barely 2.5 million inhabitants, there is currently a law in force preventing half a million people, quite simply, from exercising their rights as citizens.
As we know, ladies and gentlemen, government regulation of economic policy in the US has played a key role in causing the current crisis.
I voted for this report, which decides not to defend Mr Gollnisch's privileges and immunity, leaving it to the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be.
In order to do this, it needs to monitor with the utmost attention the plans to regain the correct position of those countries - including my own, since I am Spanish - that have strayed into an excessive deficit situation.
As you are leaving for Greece tomorrow, Commissioner, you should visit an area close to Athens, where there have been daily clashes between residents and the police forces camped there for four months now, with injuries and other incidents, in connection with the landfill facility, given that, as you explained, we have to close landfills.
Mr President, migration is a priority issue that will be keeping the institution very busy, and I wish to thank Mr Tobias Billström, who is well acquainted with this problem.
The agricultural sector, which is also immersed in the crisis, deserves those funds to drive its own innovation.
I voted for the need to adopt a system for calculating the minimum income (equivalent to at least 60% of median income in the Member State concerned) in every Member State, consisting of specific measures supporting people whose income is insufficient with a funding supply and by facilitating access to services.
The index of food prices on the financial markets has shown an uncontrollable rise in these prices over recent months, due to the international economic and financial crisis and also the recent environmental disasters resulting from climate change.
I have tried to position my report in three ways.
(NL) Madam President, no emergency solution is in place for Greece as yet, and in fact this is not a problem at the moment, as even the Greek Prime Minister said here in Parliament that the country wishes to put its own house in order.
The help offered and the solidarity expressed by the EU will also be instrumental in achieving this recovery.
The majority of consumers do not want food products from cloned animals, but the reality is that they exist.
Should the procedure for recognising companies established by young people be legally regulated?
If Yanukovych wants to reduce Mrs Tymoshenko's political potency, he should seek to do so in an open and democratic battle of ideas, not through the political manipulation of the justice system.
This resolution represents a capitulation that seeks only to cloak in legality something that is clearly on the fringes of it at the moment.
His legacy to Britain will be not only to leave us bankrupt but also to deny the British people a vote on this latest transfer of power from Westminster to Brussels.
Support should be given for the notion that the EU should assist the developing countries financially as well in achieving their climate policy objectives.
I know how difficult it was in the Council, how many divergences he had to overcome, and thanks to his efforts and thanks to the excellent work of the Belgian Presidency we now have this wide consensus also in the Council.
This practice has to be stopped and strict adherence to the regulation must be observed in all Member States.
At this historic time, to repeatedly take away the Member States' opportunities to think in new ways and to reform aid policy is utterly wrong.
The situation in the European Union is very special, since bananas are the world's fourth most important crop and there is only a limited number of banana-producing countries.
I am pleased that the work on a border solution between Croatia and Slovenia is on the agenda and that the Cyprus question is also being resolved.
In parallel to the proposal to mobilise the Solidarity Fund in favour of Portugal and France, the Commission has presented a draft amending budget (DAB No 9/2010 of 13 October 2010) in order to enter the corresponding commitment and payment appropriations in the 2010 budget as provided in point 26 of the IIA.
There is still a large uninhabitable area, so that people can no longer return to their homes.
Peace talks must involve all parties.
The interim agreement between Papua New Guinea, Fiji and the European Community was initialled on 14 December 2007.
The truth is that this generalised document could quite easily have been tabled in 2007 or 2008, so I do not know why we have had to wait.
But I could tell you of lots of my constituents who cannot afford to pay more for their food bills.
it is necessary to ensure that the actions of alternative investment fund managers are subject to rigorous scrutiny in terms of governance;
I therefore share your concerns.
Secondly, it was meant to result in more time with the family, but what use is that if the take-home wage is then insufficient?
(HU) Mr President, Commissioner, with the Treaty of Lisbon, the Charter of Fundamental Rights has also become legally binding, and it created the possibility for infringement procedures to be launched in the case of its violation.
Such conditions would create - and I am quite clear on this - unacceptable distortions in the internal markets and could trigger a subsidy race which would significantly damage the European economy at the present, very delicate moment.
The reason is that, sentimentality aside, an intervention lasting 10 years can cast a complete shadow over the effectiveness of the political decision taken on this issue. I believe that each one of us is responsible to those who elected us for coming up with an answer to this question.
We also still have regulatory tasks ahead of us.
EU Member States must start from now to follow a common, consistent policy on the issue of illegal immigration.
It is seen as providing proper support in a context where Member States' economies are facing a crisis situation.
Combating the effects of these serious violations of rights does not resolve and will never be able to effectively resolve the underlying problem, for which other instruments should be used.
There is a great expectation that thanks to EU funds - as was the case earlier in Spain, Portugal and other countries of the European Union - the air, road and rail transport infrastructure, and also the Internet, will expand.
The framework agreement also provides for comprehensive Parliamentary scrutiny, strengthened provisions on the election of the President of the Commission and of the latter as a body, and on its composition, its possible modification and reshuffling.
It is difficult to support international relations, such as those defined in the reports voted on by Parliament, with a country that does not respect agreements and which, above all, takes a stand on the fundamental right to the protection of life.
It is a great thing that the issue of DCM is now on the agenda.
It is only the ideology of a United States of Europe that emerges, which we do not support, since sovereign countries, the Member States, have already signed up to the convention.
It is tragic for a country that aspires so earnestly for parliamentary democracy to be in this kind of state.
If the Yemeni Government claims that its power is based on civilized democratic principles, then it cannot use barbaric forms of governance based on arbitrariness and injustice.
I turn therefore with hope to Mr Van Rompuy, firstly to offer him a warmer welcome than the one he was offered previously by one of the other Members - not by the others.
A third thing that I would like to mention and that I think is extremely positive and something we can be pleased about is that we have now introduced reduction targets for the individual Member States.
It is very important to realise, now an update on the situation is being carried out, that levels of coordination have been unsatisfactory.
In Hungary, there was a Green Ombudsman several years ago and there will be one, according to the new constitution.
(PL) Madam President, I cannot emphasise too strongly that the situation in Western Sahara is rightly the cause of our concern.
The right to participate in the citizens' initiative is now yet one more of the privileges enjoyed by citizens throughout Europe.
I am neither against nor for.
Written statements (Rule 149)
I would suggest that you expand the group which you have set up in order to continue with open dialogue with Iran by adding countries that traditionally have good relations with Iran, such as my country, Greece, especially now with its present socialist government.
Now that this project is to be launched, we have some concerns, because we do not have the impression that the level of mobilisation, which it seems to me has nothing to do with the challenges of the crisis, has not quite materialised as it should have done.
The Commission met this request, publishing a detailed study in 2007 that came to the following conclusions.
Mental health (short presentation)
The first of these is money.
The films and books coming out of Iran are impressive, the level of education of women is high, there is a capacity for public debate and the young population is vibrant and active.
Lastly, I would like to praise the action taken by the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI), with the support of French forces, to enforce the United Nations Security Council mandate aimed at putting an end to the use of heavy weaponry and at protecting civilians.
8.
First, lowering the costs involved in cutting emissions would give a much-needed breather to national budgets, which the Member States are currently struggling to balance.
A conference on the subject of the state of the European Union took place there too, and I met students from the European University Institute.
I would like to repeat at this point that it is not in the interests of Europe to allow this company to go under.
At present, there is still not enough hard data for us to understand the nature, structure and main forms of this phenomenon, even though the evidence is already disturbing enough, as I have already said.
Well, Inshallah!
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, I welcome this opportunity to speak on these three important legislative proposals, and am grateful to the rapporteurs for the extensive work which has gone into their reports.
Are we to do this through stress tests?
(EL) Madam President, thank you Commissioners, as Commissioner Damanaki said, the oil slick does indeed threaten the Atlantic as a whole and threatens to reach our shores.
However, this requires an absolute majority, in other words a majority of the number of elected MEPs.
(FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I apologise for intervening in this vote.
The next item is the report by Mrs Podimata, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the indication by labelling and standard product information of the consumption of energy and other resources by energy-related products (recast) - C6-0412/2008 -.
Madam President, I would just like to ask for a little clarification from colleagues on that side of the House, because in the debate, you have firmly insisted on the right of every Member State to pass laws as it deems fit, as long as it has a democratic majority, and that those laws should be recognised by other countries.
The second agreement is not enforced provisionally.
I am glad that as well as a general evaluation of the political scene, the resolution speaks about specific expectations with respect to the Belarusian authorities.
The EU must continue to devote greater attention to this aspect so that citizens remain at the heart of European policies.
All the European institutions that depend on the European Union budget have to be thoroughly audited by the Court of Auditors and by all entities with that function.
In fact, I do not remember having heard - or anybody mentioning at the time of ratification - that there would be any cost associated with Lisbon, or what this cost would be.
Croatia belongs in a historical and cultural context with Slovenia and Hungary.
We should therefore, if not in 2012, at least in the long-term perspective, look at the possibility of scaling back or modifying this mechanism in the future.
It is essential to keep up this momentum in order to conclude the negotiations successfully, as underlined among the priorities of the Hungarian Presidency until the end of June, i.e. until the end of our Presidency.
Therefore, to reply to the question raised by the honourable Member, I would note that we are not prepared to support such a process either politically or financially.
Added to this, the Mauritanian authorities are using alternative methods to the satellite-based Vessel Monitoring System (VMS) stipulated in the agreement, which makes the vessel owners' work more difficult.
However, we have doubts about the implementation of the proposal which states: 'The scope of the mutual recovery assistance should be extended to other taxes and duties than those already covered now, as the non-payment of any kind of tax or duty affects the proper functioning of the internal market.
I am happy to say that the EU institutions and bodies have shown that in general, they are keen to resolve issues that I bring to their attention.
I would also like the veil of secrecy that has to a large extent shrouded the heart of this issue to be lifted and we MEPs to be given far more information about the procedures laid down in this agreement than we have so far received.
Numerous irregularities occur in many countries, such as the creation of fictitious documentation of waste collections, for example, in a practice known as invoice trading.
For this reason the European Commission presented a proposal to organise the accreditation and supervision of credit rating agencies by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA).
I would also like to stress the Commission's continued commitment to the Malagasy people.
I hope, however, that the Commission will submit a report in September that sets out strategies on this issue.
I would first of all like to express my solidarity with the families of the victims of the violence on the streets.
It makes no sense to allow people from developing countries to enter the labour market, particularly because the unemployment rate in the euro area currently stands at 9.9%.
Nature's goods is our most precious commodity, and something that is very difficult to regain once it is lost.
With regard to the anchovy stock, I am delighted by the text adopted in the Committee on Fisheries, which is aimed at long-term management of a much fished species.
The European Union is armed with certain values: respect for the protection of intellectual property, fairness in terms of investments, access to markets, the fight against non-tariff trade barriers and respect for social and environmental standards.
For you said most categorically, Mr Papanikolaou, that illegal prisons existed in Europe, including in Poland and Rumania.
We need to act decisively on this.
We in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe support the result of the vote in the Committee on Budgets.
Amid all the problems that the crisis is forcing us to deal with, we must not overlook the longer-term prospects, the structural prospects for growth and employment.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
It ignored the key question of reorganising the international monetary system.
in writing. - (HU) Towards a post-Kyoto Protocol ...
I believe that everything that is happening in the process to ratify the Stabilisation and Association Agreement, as well as the European Parliament's resolution, can help Serbia to a great extent on that road.
Therefore, if we do not wish to considerably delay the integration of the Members into Parliament, we should have recourse to exceptional, transitional appointment systems, as envisaged by the Council.
It urged the Commission to act swiftly and prohibit selling below purchase price.
As nuclear energy will remain part of the Member States' energy mix in the future it is important that such a report is adopted successfully in the plenary session of this Parliament.
Our common foreign policy must be based on cultural diplomacy as Europe's position in the world can be strengthened through culture, as an integral part of its economic, development and security policies.
I would like to highlight the allocation of powers to the Commission to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Again, I think we put a lot of ingenuity and thinking into the work, a lot of creative solutions, and I think that we have found a solution which will bring the best possible synergies.
If you book a charter with a holiday company you are covered by the package travel directive.
I cried in 1954 when Hungary lost the World Cup.
Violence against women must finally be brought out into the open and put to a stop.
I can also assure you that funding for civil society under the crisis-preparedness component of the stability instrument will further increase this year.
Depriving the EEAS the legitimisation of national parliaments demonstrates a move towards creating a special club and alienating it from the nations of Europe.
Secondly, the gas crisis shows the political weakness of a divided, hesitant European Union.
The removal of obstacles to cross-border activity and the elimination of national administrative and technical barriers have a crucial role in the construction industry.
Indeed, I cannot accept a target above 1.5 °C in a future comprehensive international post-2012 agreement in South Africa, given the latest developments in science.
It is not the 'crisis', but the policies inherent in capitalism which are at the root of unemployment, insecurity, low wages, worsening living conditions, poverty, disease, hunger and the growing difficulties faced by workers and the general population.
The debate is closed.
(For details of the outcome of the vote: see Minutes)
It is therefore of great importance that, with the revised framework agreement, our institutions will now get a solid and formally agreed basis for mutual relations and will be able to start implementing all elements of the agreement in daily practice.
Thank you very much for your views and, as I said, please use the internet if you want to contact the Presidency in the coming days.
It is not for states to provide technological solutions to be implemented under the pretext of consumer protection.
As a member of Jobbik, I can see four main reasons.
That is why we are having this discussion.
One is technology and the other energy.
Finally, on the issue of Europe's standards versus the rest of the world, we import meat products into the European Union.
I am one of those who think that we should ensure that this plan is not financed solely through agricultural appropriations, because that would be the wrong signal to our farmers in the context of this crisis and would also represent a risk to the future of our food security and our lands.
It is also true that the EU's credibility as a global actor stands or falls by our ability to shape our very own neighbourhood.
The rapporteur's arguments that future legislation on 'Made in' origin marking and new World Trade Organisation agreements will soon be a good solution to the problem of defending our industry do not appear to stand up: we are still waiting for the Council to respond regarding origin marking, but it does not seem to have any intention of endorsing a regulation that this House adopted last autumn by an overwhelming majority.
I agree: a very significant part of how we try and address this area is to work collaboratively with the neighbours around the region and again the London meeting will, I hope, bring together the key Member States from around the area who can help us.
It would be a very positive step if we were to establish our own points where Members of the House and staff could submit their suggestions for improvements, thereby promoting efficiency in Parliament.
However, we have a paradox: we are discussing territorial cohesion without defining what it means.
With the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Union's external action takes on a new and important dimension, but actually achieving this goal also depends on the European Union having the necessary budgetary resources.
Mr Leterme, this is what I would like to hear under the next six months of the Belgian Presidency.
They have spoken of the United Nations Organisation Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and of cooperation by the European Commission on the ground.
However, a bottom-up perspective should be adopted, because it is local and regional institutions which can best understand the characteristics and problems of the regions.
At the same time, it is one of the world's most corrupt countries.
Many of our aid policies for combating poverty are urban policies.
Too many rules in the new regulation are implemented using the comitology procedure.
Nevertheless, I disagree that the only way to solve the problem is by paying more, working more and receiving less during retirement.
Therefore, it is important that this agency begins operation soon.
(The President cut off the speaker)
As stated in the draft resolution that we submitted, it is vital to insist upon effective diplomatic action that vigorously opposes the use of sexual aggression, intimidation and harassment of women in North Africa and the Middle East, or in any other place.
Concerning the fisheries agreement, again, this is a very specific question.
In Iran, the High Representative has already taken over the leadership role, and it is very important that we achieve good results here.
Secondly, it is absolutely vital that we halt the considerable decline of protein crop production in the EU and that we reduce our already alarming dependency on imported plant proteins.
The debate is closed.
I believe that steps should be taken that will allow the observance of the fundamental rights of the Tibetans in China to be more effectively monitored.
Will we be the consumers of cultural products that do not belong to us anymore, dependent on multinational oligopolies such as Google, iTunes, Amazon or Hollywood, without being able to defend our assets?
These are only some examples of the many I could list from the FAO report last October.
Nomination of a member of the Court of Auditors - Mr Milan Martin Cvikl (SL) (
The moment has come to improve the EU's disaster response in terms of efficiency, coordination and visibility.
As we all know, only around 65-70% of Ukraine's population is Ukrainian, even if we include the Ruthenian population.
I was pleased to be able to vote in favour of the accession of Liechtenstein to the agreement on the EU asylum system. This will prevent multiple asylum applications from being made in the EU and in Liechtenstein.
Member of the Commission. - (RO) I have made one extremely important observation: the political support is there in Parliament for strengthening ties with the Republic of Moldova and bringing this country closer to the European Union.
I must emphasise this, because alternatives to the milk quota scheme have not yet been put forward.
At the time, some of my Group's proposals on economic governance were dismissed as too ambitious and too far-reaching, but today I am happy to note that several of our suggestions are realities.
(CS) Madam President, Commissioner, as you are surely aware, Russia is a self-confident state and the Russians are a self-confident nation.
Many have been under financial pressure for a long time.
That was one of the major reasons why I decided to reorganise the portfolios of the next College in this area.
The issue at stake here is a procedural decision.
We are ready for this.
This resolution was timed to coincide with the European and World day against the death penalty, which are both on 10 October.
Indeed, Member States are not providing the operational and effective regulatory services which would force companies to implement these regulations and penalise them financially for a failure to do so.
It is there.
This has been done at a time when negotiations are being held between the leaders of the two communities in Cyprus, who are the only people who can decide on the matter.
It must be noted that these electoral laws forbid prisoners to vote and therefore exclude hundreds of political prisoners.
The blame game seemed more important.
There are other ways of showing solidarity: more effective types of aid that are aimed at the recovery of the affected areas and the improvement of the living conditions of local people, but also fairer types of aid.
It does not, however, reduce the seriousness of Battisti's crimes.
I sincerely admire the idealism of the rapporteur, Tadeusz Zwiefka.
Soon, the talk will be that it was the European Commission and Brussels that created the volcano in Iceland.
The Commissioner-designate for climate action has expressed commitment to an international agreement on the protection of tropical forests, the inclusion of road transport and shipping in the ETS, and the linking of EU and US cap-and-trade systems, which would represent a crucial step in international cooperation for global emission reductions.
Bluetongue is a disease affecting ruminants such as cattle, sheep and goats.
I believe it is essential that all stakeholders in the common agricultural policy (CAP) should be aware of the legal framework in place and the rules that apply at any particular time.
The report was completed and sent properly, so probably some mistakes occurred during the procedure.
(DE) Madam President, I am sorry that I have to take this opportunity to make a personal remark which, according to the agenda, I have been given three minutes for.
In the long term, this would have detrimental effects on Europe's economy.
Thirdly - and Baroness Ashton referred to this - the elimination of certain practices based on the rights of certain mere individuals within tribes who have free access to do as they will with young girls and widowed women.
The discussions which have being going on for nearly two years have in my opinion brought us closer to this goal, but we have not yet achieved it.
As a vice-chair of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament myself, I felt that the chairmen of the other groups did not think that this debate was important either.
The nine measures in the action plan are immediately and essentially related to transport.
(NL) Mr President, Commissioner, clearly, we need to learn from the mistakes that have been made.
However, this means paradoxically that Czech law, for example, does not have to allow Czech firms to obtain a licence to operate online gambling but the Czech Republic cannot prohibit foreign gambling firms from operating on its territory.
But I do not support the use of simplified procedure in the future and I think it would be a good idea for us to have a hearing on the Slot Allocation Directive, perhaps in the autumn or winter when we come back.
Sadly, this resolution does not call for an immediate end to the fighting, so we will not endorse that approach by taking part in today's vote.
This risk remains as the agreement between Ukraine and Russia is a one-time agreement and the situation will undoubtedly be repeated.
We need to hear from the European External Action Service, we need to hear from the Commission how we can show that we are no longer working on the basis of double standards.
That is my hope.
Therefore, as the rapporteur acknowledges, this agreement will mean the irreversible destruction of numerous jobs for thousands of workers in Europe, in very sensitive economic and strategic sectors such as agriculture or the textile industry.
I should also like to emphasise that a few days ago, the European Council invited the Commission to put in place an EU-wide venture capital scheme.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, looking back four years to the launching of the ALDE campaign 'Europe for patients', I have good reasons to welcome the agreement reached with the Council in December.
We then took account of this judgment in a further procedure in Parliament, and have now brought matters to a conclusion in the form of this Regulation.
Madam President, these three very extremely important reports have been drafted by Socialist rapporteurs. This, of course, is not by chance.
Honourable Members, let us not always target the wrong enemy.
The visa requirement for the states in question represents a certain check on unwanted immigration and should therefore be retained for the time being.
However, I think that will give you a sense of where we currently are.
The Union must ensure that the external policies it implements make an effective contribution to the sustainable and social development of the countries concerned.
Those millions of euro that are taken in incomprehensibly high visa fees really are not recouped because they deepen the chasms inherited from the past, this time between European Union Member States and their neighbours.
So do we and what we hear from our citizens is that they do not want a Europe where companies move from country to country cutting wage levels.
It is necessary, for safety and public health reasons, to restrict their use.
The issue of Parliament's expenditure also interests me.
in writing. - (CS) I voted in favour of the report on waste electrical and electronic equipment, which addresses a very topical issue.
Then there would be an end to the persecution of dissidents, not only of Mr Karoubi and Mr Mousavi, and then one hopes there would be press freedom and a path to free elections for a better Iran.
We can start with this and focus on the advantages associated with the South Korea agreement, such as the considerable reduction in duties - the Commission expects enterprises in Europe to be able to save EUR 1.6 billion.
This bill would criminalise homosexuality, leading to punishment by imprisonment and even the death penalty.
We therefore welcome the Commission's initiative and, with the consent of my fellow rapporteur, Mrs Lochbihler, we lend it our full support.
The loss of contracts and competition from regions that can provide cheaper services give rise to fears about the viability of this company and others of its type.
A slow foxtrot makes your back ache, and your partner may end up disappointed.
I would also like to stress that adoption should primarily be encouraged, whenever possible, and in the child's best interest, in the child's country of origin.
The only future project I am aware of in Europe involving the mining of gold is in Romania.
The motion for a resolution on the state of affairs in Ukraine addresses the current state of affairs in that country and the situation around the presidential elections extremely well.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is an understatement to say that we have encountered and are still facing an unprecedented financial crisis that is not over yet.
The European Union and the Member States must support measures and means for increasing financing in this area.
There is no doubt that the constitutional changes make a great impression, and they make a fundamental contribution to the democratisation of life in Turkey.
Articles 15 and 16 ensure that citizens have strengthened access to redress and increased transparency.
We have tried for too long to help find a solution to the situation without any tangible results.
11.
The main foreign priority of the Czech Presidency was to continue the process of EU enlargement.
Given the demographic trends in the EU, the birth rate needs a boost by means of specific legislation and measures aimed at contributing to a better balance between professional, private and family life.
Colleagues, it makes no difference; we will continue the votes anyway after the President has spoken.
Supervisory measures, which need to be mainstreamed, are also important.
We currently have several thousand asylum applicants at Europe's borders from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and states that have collapsed or are out of control, such as Somalia or Sudan.
That is why this takes place via intermediaries, usually banks in the Member States.
Otherwise, we run the risk of becoming bogged down in a debate about a tax which is impossible to put into practice while, at the same time, failing to find opportunities and solutions for raising sufficient funding for development work and our efforts to combat climate change.
Will an extension increase cultural diversity and facilitate the writing of new compositions?
A lot of valid remarks have already been made in this respect.
We will continue to insist that Russia must abide by its international commitments and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia and other eastern European countries that make up its common neighbourhood with the EU.
Mr President, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) welcomes the document drafted by the Commission and will support its approval during the Hungarian Presidency.
A continent which does not invest is a continent which will decline.
Commissioner, indicating 'rosé wine' on the bottle is pointless, since good rosé wines, such as the Bandol that I have brought you, do not specify the word 'rosé'.
This concerns mainly telecommunications, environment protection, transport, finance and legal services.
I therefore welcome the European Union's specific intention to incorporate the promotion of democracy and human rights in its external policies.
We know that marine life is essential not only for a substantial part of the human diet, but also for the health of the entire ecosystem.
That is why I have chosen to speak again now that this package is to be concluded because I have an important question to ask about this package on behalf of my group.
Discussions in the Council working groups on development and human rights are taking place in parallel or at joint meetings.
I think the solution is certainly not to close our borders, because the European Union is by far the biggest exporter in the world.
There is no way Kosovo can be part of the European Union or the United Nations while some Member States do not recognise its sovereignty.
We respect the codecision process, we understand that we are in a new environment now, and we understand that the Council and Parliament will decide on the powers you can give us under the delegation mandate.
I am in favour of this report, which aims to provide EU aid from the European Union Solidarity Fund for Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania, following the flooding in May and June 2010 that affected these areas and their populations.
Learning from the positive outcome in Nagoya in October and the negative experience from Copenhagen in 2009, I think that the EU will speak with a single voice. Based on its mandate, the EU and its Member States must continue to play a constructive role globally in order to achieve a legally binding post-Kyoto agreement.
This is a condition from which 6 million European citizens suffer, of whom some 300 000 are Italians.
This opens a multitude of new perspectives.
We have achieved a lot including with the United States, with the recognition of EU carriers and several other things.
I think that there is a risk, as happened with the Lisbon Strategy, that many of our objectives will get no further than the drawing board and I worry that this will happen unless we are able to put persuasive arguments to the people of Europe, who are bearing the brunt of the crisis, who cannot and should not have to follow technical debates on the reform of the Stability and Growth Pact and on indicators and penalties.
This House has long been asking the Commission to take action to guarantee pluralism of the media.
This is disappointing.
This is the message which I have delivered in my visits to the region in January and in February and in my discussions with President Abbas and Prime Minister Netanyahu: for the greater security of both peoples, an agreement should be found.
Some local court cases have already been initiated.
There has only been a debate to make sure that the matter is duly discussed in the college and the competent Commissioner will come with proposals shortly.
Although few parallels can be drawn between Albania and recent developments in North Africa, what they do have in common are poverty, unemployment, a corrupt, clientelist regime and a lack of democracy.
Kosovo is not an exception.
It is based on non-transparent decisions in the national parties and government offices.
4.
I will take two small examples, namely the undertaking by two developing countries, the Maldives and Costa Rica, to become climate-neutral in the next ten years.
In this context, private debt cannot be forgotten, to the extent that it may represent a contingent implicit liability for governments.
We need the relevant information in advance so that we can influence their content as we go along.
In addition, the following third countries are participating: Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Moldova and Ukraine.
Moreover, I wish to take advantage of this opportunity to thank all the political groups that have worked hard to enrich this report.
It is therefore with concern that we have repeatedly witnessed the failure to ensure the conditions necessary to achieve this participation, specifically with regard to interpretation services.
No feeding or admixing of components will now take place in the European Union without such components being published, as they must be included in the register.
Further announcements of strikes and protests could intensify the tendency to avoid other Mediterranean countries and the price collapse in relation to Greece.
We must not be misled by Lukashenko's occasional making up to the European Union just to infuriate Russia temporarily, or vice versa.
Under these extremely difficult circumstances, the Commission remains fully committed to continuing its strong support to the national authorities, aiming to bring back stability but also to sustain development.
My last point concerns exports.
We therefore expect you to give the utmost priority to jobs and job security in whatever form, for example by combining environmental protection and industrial policy, which is a highly intelligent solution.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we should highlight the fact that, in the light of the continuing structural crisis in our Member States, the European Parliament is taking a cautious approach to its budgetary plans for 2012.
in writing. - (DE) I have my reservations about the management of radioactive waste and, although this initiative contains some good ideas, it is not enough to solve the underlying problem, which is why I abstained from voting.
(PL) One of the most important priorities enshrined in the long-term strategy of the European Union should be to create an innovative economy, for example by transforming the present energy system using a low-emission model, particularly one that is based on clean carbon technologies.
Why, then, do we deny that right to other people or consider it a privilege or a favour?
In this sense, the people of sub-Saharan Africa can take inspiration from their brothers and sisters in Tunisia in their heroic struggle against a corrupt dictatorship over the past weeks.
European Globalisation Adjustment Fund: application EGF/2011/009 NL/Gelderland (
Mr President, I can confirm, as others have done, that what we have seen since Cathy Ashton became Commissioner has been a sea change not only in style and tone, but also in vocabulary and now increasingly in substance.
Through a dialogue with the populations concerned and with the necessary resolve, they are overcoming obstacles and objections that are often caused by Nimby Syndrome, or the idea that people do not want others' rubbish in their backyard.
I would like to remind you about this once again.
quality report.
Therefore, we have considerable leverage here in the EU over President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The commercial advantages and value of such systems are obvious, and there is understandable European interest in having as many of these solutions as possible, and in these operating without depending on third parties.
I believe that this honesty will provide the basis for persuading citizens to actually support what is decided in Brussels during these times of crisis.
You, Mr Orbán, can do something yourself to help the situation.
I should like the European Parliament to continue to pay close attention to this important development, because the Basque Country is at the very heart of Europe.
The EU budget has an instrumental role to play in helping the EU to exit the current economic and financial crisis through its capacity as a catalyst to boost investment, growth and jobs in Europe.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think that the debate has clearly shown that this is an important topic which we must work on, regardless of whether or not, at a given moment, there may be sufficiently detailed information available for us to reach a final opinion.
Furthermore, the proposal is superfluous.
I therefore welcome the proposal to lay down clear rules for the definition of the aforesaid categories of wine-based products, so that the high quality of European produce may always be recognised and identified.
By the same token, I see it as a challenge that it is difficult to reach a lot of local organisations in the countryside, rather than in the metropolises of the global South, in other words, to make them aware that a financing instrument of this nature exists and how they can administer it.
This is the first step towards the extension of this agreement to other regional countries, and towards giving a significant boost to their economies and to the wellbeing of their populations.
2009 discharge: European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I have a short comment in anticipation of our trilogue and in response to two specific questions, from Mr Capoulas Santos and Ms Grelier, defending the food scheme for 'most deprived persons'.
This word has fallen into disuse, but it has to come off the list of banned words where it was put by power politics.
It is now time the EU realised what is happening.
The Directive on privacy and electronic communications currently in force requires the Member States to ensure the confidentiality of communications.
Mr President, changing the Treaty is not something we should enter into lightly, especially given the fact that the Lisbon Treaty took considerable work and negotiation.
The best authorities to deal with pensions, and indeed all social matters, are the national or local authorities, not us.
The UK has a trade deficit with the EU and relies on negotiations with third countries, many of which have been in place for years and relate to our Commonwealth of Nations.
As a Member I pay into a pension fund.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, it has been great to listen to you here tonight, because I still feel that you have got all the passion, you have got all the energy and you have got all the emotion that I experienced about the wine sector when we had our discussions on the wine reform.
I would also like to address the issue of the EIB, because it was in the question.
I would also like to talk about the courage to promote things which I think are important for Europe, because the internal market is one of the most important instruments for creating competitiveness, but also for preserving jobs, in the context of a global Europe.
I have read the press reports, too, and I am getting the feeling that we are just rabble-rousing.
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
Madam President, I would like to welcome last week's vote by the Committee on Budgets to freeze the salaries and allowances of European Commissioners unless changes are made to their Code of Conduct.
With these influxes and this birth rate, this is expected to rise to 6% in twenty years.
The European Union is currently a major player in the international energy market.
This report, which merited my vote in favour, warns of a series of situations worthy of particular attention.
The new CAP should therefore improve food security by increasing productivity, whilst simultaneously encouraging environmentally sustainable food production.
In my opinion, the implementation of a strategy to develop greater cooperation between the EU and the region is a goal that the Union should set itself as soon as possible.
I know the Belder report only deals with the economic and commercial relationships with the Western Balkans and the evident need for the European Union to assist in their reconstruction, in the economic, legal, political and social fields.
I have confidence in Parliament as it prepares to vote, and I confirm the commitments made by the Commission to ensure the independence, practical resources and credibility of these three new authorities.
We will see if they support this initiative now.
That is something we reject.
It is also a country with which the European Commission has completed negotiations on a free trade agreement, giving both sides very broad access to the other's market.
(The sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m.)
Mr Obermayr, Mr Papastamkos asked me about the opportunity, which he supports, of creating a European credit rating agency.
This is disappointing given that austerity measures affecting workers and most of the public have already been implemented, as at present in Portugal, Greece and other countries.
I believe that action needs to be taken at both European and national level to protect consumers against unfair terms for repaying loans and credit cards and to establish terms for accessing loans which will prevent households from getting into excessive debt and, consequently, from facing poverty and social exclusion.
I was travelling to Baku and could only get back with great difficulties.
Do more to put the European economy back on track while preserving people's jobs.
They have also tackled the extremely significant economic consequences of this situation - as Commissioner Kallas will explain - in a taskforce, a group led by the Vice-President of the Commission, Commissioner Kallas, Commissioner Almunia and Commissioner Rehn, which is going to submit a report next week on all the economic aspects.
It is depressing, however, that despite agreeing the numbers, there is still no agreement on the budget.
May it be a country where mercy and faith meet together.
I will come back to this again later.
In this context, only a vaccination programme involving a large-scale vaccination campaign could have a positive impact in terms of achieving the goal.
At this time of global climate change and environmental troubles, it is clear that we need to address the issue of the European wilderness.
(HU) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my party, Jobbik - The Movement for a Better Hungary, attaches profound importance to environmental protection and the restoration of ecological balance.
The other thing of course is that if a certain amount of restructuring takes place, certain decisions with social and community-wide consequences, there are instruments and European policies, which we, of course, always have a duty to mobilise and we are mobilising them.
With this budgetary policy, it has become clear that, in the other authorities and in the European Council, there is an intention to use budgetary policy to obtain a different European Union.
Madam President, in this debate on the Hungarian constitution, we have, in fact, been having two debates.
It is therefore necessary to amend the relevant provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1889/2006 in order to align it with the other instruments.
I think the time has come to leave hypocrisy behind and stop constantly boxing in the Turkish people, since we knew from the start that the obstacles would be difficult to overcome.
Just two remarks.
I voted in favour of the Small Business Act in the hope that, this time, it will, at long last, amount to more than a piece of paper specifying objectives and will actually be implemented.
In December 2008 this Parliament voted overwhelmingly in favour of my report on the EUR 1 billion food facility to provide financial aid to developing countries in light of soaring food prices at that time.
However, in the meantime, we must reinforce the European external border, in terms of both its control and our joint responsibility for it.
I am taking the floor because I am annoyed by the blatant attempts to use the case of Bulgaria and Romania to resolve internal problems and to respond to internal fears.
(DE) Mr President, the Catania report is a real sham.
One thing is clear.
(NL) Mr President, I abstained from the final vote on the Svensson report and I am therefore using my explanation of vote to say that I, too, find violence against women to be shocking and totally unacceptable.
My fellow Member has just pointed out that the Member States also have very different situations in terms of their economies and geography - completely different.
I am aware, I do realise, that you have to tread on eggshells, but you should know that we, the European Parliament, support you as you push on to convince the Member States that a joint European approach is worthwhile, push on to achieve an effective, coherent and common foreign policy and to be the face of that policy, push on in order to get the best people in the best positions in the External Action Service and push on in order to strengthen Europe's position and that of its citizens, who are the important thing.
It is also right for us to draw out unused EU funds, Mr Barroso, and make them available to Greece, because ultimately it will not only be Greece but the whole of Europe that will benefit from more growth.
I hope that in the next six months, the Hungarian Presidency will listen to you and you will be able to regain freedom of speech in the Council, and that the Council will focus on Europe's soul, which can only be a humanist soul and a soul of progress.
Territorial, social and economic cohesion (
The fight against terror has practically become a kind of runaway train, with the Council showing utter contempt for European citizens and parliamentary democracy.
Even if you belong to a minority, this does not legitimise the creation of a community right.
It was a joint effort, and the success is also shared.
This reply caused a stir in Greece, due to the economic and social situation in the country.
I would ask for your support in this regard.
I am by no means suggesting that the abolition of the death penalty should be abandoned - I have always been a staunch supporter of its abolition, and I believe that any supposedly democratic country that is incapable of abolishing such a punishment is criminal and should not lecture others on democracy and human rights, even if it is the world's leading power.
(EL) Mr President, this report on urban mobility forms an important part of viable mobility in Europe and an integral part of the strategy for achieving sustainable growth and the Lisbon objectives.
To achieve this, there is a need, above all, to promote active, concrete participation so as to strengthen both internal and external cooperation.
Likewise, I will also relay to the High Representative the similarly clear and consensual opinion about arms exports that has been expressed here.
The fall-out from the financial crisis is still very much evident in Iceland.
In view of the continual increase in imports from third countries, we must ensure that these imports also meet European standards.
Thus, the trend now, for example, is for some very cheap flights to be on offer in place of some flat-rate journeys, something which is also very much welcomed by consumers.
We will present legislative proposals for future cohesion policy this summer, following proposals on the next financial framework.
The nature of the task which lies ahead of us has become clear to me.
We cannot have a situation where Parliament actually has to beg for it.
I was, however, really quite disappointed with Commissioner Füle's appraisal that cooperation in the Arctic region was progressing gradually.
I told him that we are setting up monitoring instruments - GPS and INSPIRE - to measure how governments behave and that by 2030, we will put a stop to deforestation.
6.
The text is largely sound, but it contains two paragraphs that I simply cannot support.
The people of Haiti badly need our help, especially now that the cholera epidemic is taking its toll.
It will itself be introducing the indicators which will allow it to give marks to the Member States.
I would therefore like us to call on the Commission to evaluate the experience with these instruments and amend their rules to make them competitive in comparison with other instruments on the financial market.
Given that EU waters also border countries that are not part of the European Union, whereby EU legislation does not require them to comply with the relevant provisions governing liability and the remedying of damage, the European Commission must develop accident prevention policies for oil rigs and extend the scope of the SEVESO II Directive to oil rigs.
In recent times, we have seen, on the one hand, a massive onset of some serious diseases among bees (varroasis) and, on the other, an ageing population of beekeepers in many states, with a number of national governments undervaluing support for their work in a time of economic crisis.
In the last few centuries, discrimination has been possibly the least of the ills that have befallen them.
To make matters worse, the Commission and Parliament are now discussing a tolerable risk of error.
You will discuss it next week with Council because, if I understand correctly, we currently lack a qualified majority.
In this joint motion for a resolution, the political spokesmen of capital, cheek by jowl with the opportunists, are insultingly deceiving the public with talk of an agreement that will, apparently, contain personal data protection guarantees.
Telephone lines were broken, the Internet was not available, and people who are not routine business class fliers like we here in the plenary are, tourists and older age groups, had hardly any information.
Why was nothing said about tax havens?
Was there any consultation with the people who may benefit from the situation, or with those who may lose their livelihood?
Relying on each other's certification systems means strengthening the security of the system, saving on time which would otherwise be lost through duplicating all the assessments carried out by the exporting authority, and guaranteeing benefits for aviation companies thanks to the possibility of using each other's repair and maintenance facilities.
CRA ratings fulfil several useful purposes.
They are not just federations of national parties.
Let there be an end to it then.
It fills an obvious gap in the development of the euro, and sadly it took the debt crisis to prompt us to do this.
(For results and other details of the vote: see Minutes)
With the Renewable Energy Directive we have established the possibility for EU countries to invest in third countries and transport electricity to the European Union, and then the goal will also be fulfilled with energy produced in the third country.
Which Commissioners will you give the task of ensuring that this takes place, and what is your own responsibility in this regard?
I am encouraged that the interim leadership has promised substantial reforms because embarking on such a path will greatly strengthen Tunisia's relationship with the European Union.
These are technical issues that are extremely complex.
After a year of very modest progress, 19 December 2010 became a turning point for Belarus.
The maximum levels of radiation in both human and animal food are also indicated in the report.
I subscribe to the report's long-term objective of trying to introduce fair conditions for all farmers in the EU, which means abandoning the historic criteria for direct payments.
Indeed, our requests for increased protection of European citizens' privacy have been granted, with Europeans being offered a dual guarantee: firstly, complete transparency as regards the way in which their data are accessed and used, and, secondly, proper appeal procedures to ensure that their privacy is protected.
The Europe 2020 strategy should provide for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
She is Irish, she has her convictions and she is firm in her principles, as indeed we all are.
If farmers spend their time and efforts competing against each other instead of competing with the strong retail sector, I know who the winners and the losers will be.
(ES) Mr President, this report originated as a response to the frustration and lack of defence of the EU fishing sector.
The aims of the 'competitiveness pact' are intended to bring together the euro area economies by means of far-reaching structural reforms, and its main objective is to increase the competitiveness of the euro area and to strengthen international confidence in the euro area.
In the debate yesterday, the Commission told me that it considered this to be a strategic error as well.
A strict ban on advertising remains: there will be no information on the radio, television or in magazines; instead, patients must actively seek out the information.
Therefore, the rapporteur supports the aim of the proposed regulation to establish a common framework for the systematic production of European statistics on tourism by means of the collection, compilation, processing and transmission by the Member States of harmonised European statistics on tourism supply and demand.
We should be ready seriously to contemplate either extending the deadline or facing the consequences.
Tuesday:
We need to simplify the future and put the past behind us.
I have heard many speeches - you are the 32nd Head of Government that I have witnessed - but I have rarely heard anything so non-committal in content.
The work was occasionally complicated, but although it was hard, it was worthwhile in the end.
After eight years of tinkering, we know that the aim of the measure proposed by the Commission - the migration from SIS 1+ to SIS II - is unachievable by the Member States, both on technical and legal grounds.
You cannot bring in regulations that are destructive and make pig and poultry farmers go out of business.
There is more work to do in Georgia, and we have a full agenda when we discuss it with Russia, as I did only 10 days ago with Sergey Lavrov.
The inclusion of two weeks of paternity leave is also an important step in the struggle for equality between men and women.
I would have liked to see more.
The pneumococcal AMC offers an unprecedented opportunity for countries to protect their children from this preventable killer.
I will therefore vote against.
Something I would like to do during the European Football Championships - which are not long away now and which will be hosted in Poland and Ukraine - is to watch one or two matches with you.
When the resolution was in the AFET Committee, I contributed amendments concerning the efficiency and predictability of the justice system.
It is important to remember that these mutilations constitute a violation of human rights that has very serious physical and psychological consequences.
Interethnic relations are a cause for concern.
Quite obviously, however, our efforts are insufficient, and we will have to consider seriously how we can make the rule of law work in Russia and how we can raise this issue's profile a lot higher when we negotiate the new partnership and cooperation agreement with that country .
One of the steps that might encourage the European Union's neighbours to comply with the highest safety standards would be for the whole of the Union to refuse to buy electricity produced while failing to respect these standards.
I value President Obama's decision to close down Guantánamo Bay, but it cannot, and indeed should not, be the case that the problem is, in the first instance, placed at Europe's door.
It is just that I find myself somewhat lacking in belief in this regard.
Every third European will be diagnosed with cancer in his or her lifetime, and every fourth European will die as a result of this disease.
The European Union should learn from this.
At the same time, however, products produced to lower animal welfare standards will continue to be imported from third countries.
Civil participation and the involvement of civil society, entrepreneurs, researchers, young people and artists are essential to a self-determined society of solidarity.
It is extremely disappointing that a country like Nigeria, which is the eighth-largest producer of oil in the world, has such a large proportion of the population living below the poverty line.
The agreement provides a political, legal and economic framework for cooperation between the European Union and Serbia, and Serbia was unable to continue along the path of European integration without the ratification process getting under way.
(IT) As regards the Ţicău report, I voted in favour of the common position on updating the directive on the energy performance of buildings, because the aim is that, from the end of 2020, all newly constructed buildings will have an energy balance equal to zero, an aim that the European institutions must make every effort to achieve.
(PL) Madam President, we are talking, at the moment, about something which is absolutely fundamental, not only when we are dealing with economic matters, but also when we are dealing in broader terms with the question of European solidarity.
I would add that, with development cooperation and humanitarian aid, this requirement becomes a little less unrealistic.
In the face of the growing complexity and intensity of the use of and research into these types of substance, I believe the trend will be for the ECHA to become more important, which therefore justifies even closer scrutiny of how it generates the funds at its disposal.
The end of transitional arrangements means that more EU citizens can take advantage of one of the EU's fundamental freedoms and work freely in another Member State.
How can we deny, for example, a couple whose two children are affected by cystic fibrosis and who wish to have a third child, advances in research to prevent the latter being affected by the same disease?
All policies should contribute to improving the competitiveness of the European economy: we need all hands on deck and decoupling Europe's core from the rest of it would simply generate a divided Europe.
It was better because the European Union came out of the Cancún conference better off and it was a much more transparent process than the previous one.
in writing. - (PL) In contributing to today's debate about the Motor Vehicle Block Exemption Regulation, I would like to recall that in 2009 the European Commission published its communication on the future competition law framework applicable to the motor vehicle sector, in which it specifies the legal strategy concerning the distribution of motor vehicles and after-sales services after the expiry of Regulation (EC) No 1400/2002.
(The President cut off the speaker)
We are talking about a trade volume of EUR 900 million.
The consultative function deserves the right amount of space and the time needed for analysis and adjustment to the general framework.
The closure of Lear Automotive led to a 4% increase in unemployment in the area, which, in 2009, stood at 22.7%.
7.
EU exports to Russia total EUR 65.6 billion.
In the area of research, we know that the number of people suffering this disease doubles every 20 years.
Clauses concerning human rights and democracy should constitute a fundamental part of any free trade agreement signed with India.
Many have asked why I am raising the issue of travel between Strasbourg and Brussels.
Demonstrate, just as Mr Schulz said, that we understand that energy policy is also social policy, industrial policy and a policy for the future.
In addition, this interpretation must be clear for, and known to, everyone involved in applying legislation on Europe's roads.
Therefore, we fully support the Commission in adopting tough measures against governments and businesses which neglect to take action in this area.
The euro area economies are better protected against negative economic developments because being part of the euro area is a mark of quality certifying that its members have a real capacity for implementing prudent macroeconomic policies and policies based on sustained growth and prosperity for its citizens.
That is something which is very important to me, but I hope that the Albanian authorities - that is, the opposition and the government - understand that they have to stop being perpetually at loggerheads, because they have much to gain from EU membership.
On the other hand, efficient use of resources as a measure on its own is not enough - in general, there needs to be a sustainable attitude to the environment at every stage of business development.
This amendment has the potential to affect Northern Ireland's ability to sell products in certain markets where currently there is no difficulty, and I feel that it is important that new labelling does not create barriers which prevent trade between different Member States.
The population can no longer be looked after.
Mr President, I would like to start by thanking Mr Van Rompuy for the eagerness of his communication with Parliament, which is a good sign of his personal commitment.
We must do so now because that is the only chance we have to take Europe forward.
They must not simply be dependent on funds from the budget, but must also have other sources of funding.
There will also be a requirement for employers to take preventative measures and to check the immigration status of these individuals in order to avoid employing workers who are staying in the Union illegally.
Of course we do not know how many jobs are created: economies are simply much more complex than if there were a causal relation between how much money you put in one programme and how much you supported.
in writing. - (PT) I have reservations about Turkey's EU membership.
As for the correlation tables, I would like to say, at this point, that we have now stated that we are ready to accept the mild wording that is currently to be found in this text but that this is one of the last documents in which we have accepted this, as, for us, this really is about European law, which is created once the Member States have given their consent, being truly and properly implemented.
The humanitarian context has changed profoundly in recent years.
Migration to Europe is a phenomenon which has been going on constantly for a long time, and is fostered by factors such as significant material differences in standard of living between Europe and other regions of the world.
This report therefore responds to an urgent need to rationalise European legislation by bringing together, in a single text, all the directives on industrial emissions.
Furthermore, in the area that I followed most closely, I should like to congratulate Mrs Milquet, and to thank her for her commitment and determination in preparing the report on the Maternity Leave Directive, despite the Council's lack of agreement with her.
It is not a precedent for the future.
As you know, Libya is not the only country in our southern neighbourhood where there is an armed intervention under way; there has also been one in Côte d'Ivoire for a few days now.
Written Statements (Rule 149)
(For outcome of the vote and other details: see Minutes)
It is estimated that in Africa alone, more people die each year from diseases caused by drinking dirty water than from AIDS and malaria put together.
In 2009, the Working Party on Humanitarian Aid and Food Aid was established within the Council.
However, in my mind, we must also avoid arousing or creating expectations that cannot be satisfied at this time.
In September, she appointed 29 people to senior positions within the delegations, including seven female heads of delegation, which is nothing short of a 50% increase in the number of women at this level.
The programme is implemented through the UNODC at a cost of EUR 1.75 million.
Therefore, this social pact is very important.
We are the biggest donor of aid in the world and when it comes to humanitarian aid, we should be efficient in that donation.
Youth on the Move (YoM) is one of the flagship initiatives of the Europe 2020 strategy for the promotion of smart, sustainable and inclusive economic growth.
Aircraft are highly energy-intensive and polluting.
I am voting against this report.
I would just like to add two thoughts on this matter.
At the same time, those same citizens have long regarded not only this Parliament, but all European institutions as too distant and insensitive to their problems.
Coordination and clear lines of information and communication remain the core of our ability to be effective in such situations.
It is important to realise that for every job that is held in the motor industry itself there are another five in associated areas and industries that depend on it.
Dynamic changes in society are being accompanied by changes in sport.
I would remind the House that a similar amendment was made to the Council's budget in order to meet its administrative requirements when the institution of President of the European Council was created and similar proposals to amend the European Commission's budget are expected.
The regulation of fisheries has so far failed to deliver.
- (FR) Mr President, we are all partly responsible for what is happening today in the Middle East.
The EU economy is a social market economy, promoting a large degree of competitiveness.
The ideological terrorism of the bourgeois class being promoted is that the only way out is to slaughter the workers so as to keep the profitability of capital intact.
Among the options, I would suggest a formal statement of support by the European Commission for the nomination, as other international organisations such as the FAO, the World Health Organisation and the scientific and academic communities are making such statements of support.
When we have all 27, then the package is clear and we will move over to the Lisbon Treaty.
We have a surplus because we have not had extraordinary expenditures - we have had very low costs on intervention and a very low cost on export refunds - and therefore we can manage this specific situation.
I would also like to thank her for the way she has worked with the Commission on a very delicate, sensitive subject about which we feel so strongly.
in writing. - (IT) The growing demand for energy requires diversification in the supply of alternative energy sources to oil, such as renewable solar, wind and nuclear energy sources.
The conditions for increasing investments in research and innovation must be improved.
This stress test which we have been commissioned to develop by the Heads of State or Government is the first common European procedure for ensuring the highest safety standards in all 143 nuclear power plants.
My abstention backs Parliament's stance, which is critical of the position of governments that seek greater European powers with less money, but does not endorse poor agreements or a mediocre budget.
(DE) Madam President, after many years of dispute between the European Union on the one hand and the Latin American banana producers on the other, an important step has now been taken thanks to the Agreement on Trade in Bananas.
The recent open-mindedness shown by the new US administration gives us cause to hope for a future shared commitment with the United States to halt the consequences of climate change.
The Presidency expressed this sentiment through a statement which was issued shortly after President Obama signed the Executive Orders.
Research is a good thing but we also need to know what it is that we are researching.
Is that enough and, more importantly, will it convince the citizens who are shouldering the burden of the crisis?
We need much more time.
(NL) Mr President, I challenge the Commission and the Council to make clear choices.
author. - Madam President, Iran is notorious for its human rights record, as was noted just yesterday during the debate on the human rights situation in the world.
If we want to demand that they respect the same principles that we respect within the European Union, then it is imperative that we do the same.
I voted in favour on the basis of the evaluations and reports completed by the Court of Auditors and the Committee for Budgetary Control, which declared that they have obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
For the most part, domestic workers work under precarious conditions, frequently find themselves in legally dubious administrative situations which make their situation even less stable, and are often victims of discrimination, inequality and unfair or abusive treatment.
The US has stopped offering tax exemptions to the textile imports from this country for the same reasons.
Being able to rely on it at peak demand depends entirely on spreading the input into our grids from as many sources as possible so that the output can always respond to demand.
Therefore, we must fight to conserve it at the conference in Nagoya.
If we are to have a functioning internal market throughout the EU where people can rely on their case being examined in a legally certain manner and on receiving full compensation for the damages caused, in other words the loss, we must also find new mechanisms to facilitate group claims.
Mr President, there are two words that spring to mind to describe where we find ourselves today with regard to the common foreign and security policy.
It is unconditional.
13.
Mr President, I always keep to my speaking time, as you know.
We took issue with this tone, because, although the situation is not exactly comparable, there are nonetheless many oil platforms in the North Sea and we are drilling deeper and deeper in the North Sea in order to extract oil.
I would like to inform the House that, as rapporteur, I support the amendment tabled by the socialists but cannot accept the PPE and the GUE/NGL amendments.
It is very important, as you say, that we address some of these critical issues: the Balkans and the transatlantic relationship are absolutely core and central to what we do.
Under these circumstances, I do not believe that we - in this Parliament - need to contribute to the situation by adding a further 100 000 unemployed to those we currently have in the European Union.
The introduction of the principle of 'one person-one passport' will provide them with an even higher level of security when travelling outside the territory of the European Union.
There are currently 165 operational reactors in Europe, not including Russia.
We have inherited the results of all this.
The next item is the joint debate on the following:
We keep hearing calls for more revenue for the European Union, at the same time as all other levels of administration are having to make cuts.
In particular, I voted for the amendment requesting EUR 20 million more than the amount announced by the European Commission, bringing it up to EUR 300 million.
I voted for the European Parliament Resolution on establishing a permanent crisis mechanism to safeguard the financial stability of the euro area, given that this kind of mechanism has become a necessity in the current economic and financial crisis.
We are now planning to launch eurobonds, but we are putting together a sensible package.
We know that, for example, the incidence of agerelated illnesses, such as Alzheimer's disease, will double over the next ten years.
Middle East: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, where the European Union must play a stronger political role in relaunching the peace process following the Council decision of 12 December 2009.
The second concerns the ban on advertising prescription-only drugs, because it is important to draw a distinction between generic and non-generic drugs, not only from the viewpoint of information to be given to patients but above all with regard to compliance with good practice in the manufacturing of active substances, particularly outside Europe.
Active rural areas are an attractive living environment not just for farmers, but also for people who do not want to live in cities.
I ask because it is clear that the negotiation and the implementation of the agreement may be of a very different quality.
There is good reason for this pessimism, given the real lack of will displayed in these last few months by the main protagonists, the United States and China foremost among them, without whom a quantified and binding agreement cannot be envisaged.
In addition to these positive aspects, however, there are points of significant divergence on how Member States should comply with the directives and too many references are made to social forms of entrepreneurship.
We consider that advertisements for energy-related products should include a reference to energy consumption or to energy savings or to the category of energy label only if the advertisement includes references to technical specifications or technical information.
In June 2007 the Convention and the non-legally binding recommendation were adopted by the governing body of the International Labour Organization.
This also includes those areas affected by disasters such as flooding or earthquakes.
What actions are you intending to take, then?
A product of the disintegration of the former Soviet Union, Kyrgyzstan is being disputed by the great powers and it seems to have declined into a process of political agitation and disintegration of the political and social fabric, which needs to be better monitored by European institutions and the governments of Member States.
A glaring example is Italy where, by the end of 2009, the public authorities were in debt to companies to the tune of approximately EUR 60 billion, and the payment delay averaged 186 days, with extremes of 800 days.
(The President cut off Mrs Lulling)
Many years ago, I learned from Milan Kundera and others that the Czech Republic was an important part of Europe; you have demonstrated that and I thank you for it.
Closure of the sitting
I voted in favour of this resolution because cultural diplomacy is a cornerstone for building trust and long lasting relations with citizens in third countries.
I think that initialling the Interim Trade Agreement between the European Community and Turkmenistan, and at the same time clearly stating the condition of a time limit of five years for the introduction of democratic principles and of human rights standards similar to those of the EU, will provide motivation and will be a sign of good will on the part of the Community.
There are plans for both nuclear power plants to have experimental reactors, the safety of which is impossible to evaluate, as they have not yet been in operation anywhere.
This message is also one of respect for the tenacity and the resilience of the Japanese people, especially those who are still struggling to cope with the situation in Fukushima.
Europe 2020 - new European Strategy for Jobs and Growth (debate)
This draft regulation is a real step forward: let us continue in this direction.
Secondly, no one heeds the muted and incomprehensible mutterings of European leaders who have no mandate and, above all, no legitimacy.
The second and perhaps most important reason is that we make great demands of European farmers and producers.
25 out of 27 states are participating.
All the same, we must help these countries in a different way, not by changing the conditions of the Stability and Growth Pact, but by offsetting the negative effect that they are suffering because they are outside the system.
Unfortunately, it does seem to be the case that in the Council, the Arctic Ocean has been trampled underfoot by the Southern and Eastern Dimension, and so this Northern Dimension's Arctic window should now be opened.
That is why the European Commission proposed to review the safety of nuclear sites and the comprehensive risk and safety assessment ('stress test') on all European nuclear sites.
Thank you for listening.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I were in charge of this institution, I would ensure that it acted sensibly, that it operated at the lowest possible cost, and especially that it did not abuse and artificially extend its powers and its bureaucracy.
It is an effective compromise and people will not understand it if we continue to pay subsidies as we have in the past.
These groups were pressing for social dumping so that they could have a foreign workforce that they could exploit with low wages and few rights.
The last of these elements, in particular, did pose something of an issue, as it was something new.
I therefore also hope that it will adequately prepare the EU's common position for the extremely important G20 meeting in Toronto on the regulation of the financial system and for the important debate on taxing international financial transactions.
I considered it preferable for the new composition of the European Parliament to be applied only in the next European elections in 2014.
in writing. - We have given our support to this text because most of the amendments we presented were adopted.
We simply have to accept that.
We do not have the luxury of acting only in the interests of our own nations; we need to strengthen the Union which every one of us represents.
The situation is certainly not easy in Haiti, but the High Representative is following it very closely and giving all the necessary diplomatic support to ensure that there is stability.
However, the compromise agreement states that the new legislation would only gradually replace the existing EU law, and that pesticides already approved under current rules would remain available until their existing authorisation expires.
That is why we have not voted in favour.
While Mr Posselt is attacking the Czech Republic, there are thousands of German citizens living and working there happily and there are large numbers of former Sudeten Germans who have retired there.
Therefore, my group believes that it is crucial to get the balance right: the balance between, on the one hand, resourcing Frontex - as many colleagues have mentioned - and, on the other hand, ensuring that Frontex has a stronger appreciation of the humanitarian aspects of its work.
The situation is improving.
The first principle is the identification of corridors and thus of the network.
the oral question by Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, Katerina Batzeli, Vincent Peillon, Vincenzo Lavarra, Stéphane Le Foll and Alessandro Battilocchio, on behalf of the PSE Group to the Commission: Rosé wines and permitted oenological practices (B6-0229/2009).
Democracy does not just pop up in an unfertile field.
Here I must return to the Tripartite and applaud the role of both social partners.
Such a course of action is simply an incredible perversion of justice, and the European Union and its Member States must not close their eyes to this.
Greece, Italy and Malta are obviously not in a position to secure their external borders and newcomers to the Schengen Group often relax their efforts after accession.
Instead of military ventures, the latest of which is unfolding before us in Libya, what today's world needs is to put all of its efforts into fighting poverty and illiteracy, and into solving other serious problems.
I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the rapporteur, who is, unfortunately, no longer a Member of the European Parliament.
A clear framework with independent and strong national regulators will be created, together with a system for issuing licences for nuclear facilities and a system for inspecting and checking these facilities.
I would assume that the vast majority of Members of this esteemed Chamber have not had the opportunity to read the proposal in question.
Finally, I would like to emphasise how hugely important it is to increase public awareness, and I would therefore like to call on the Commission to encourage the Member States to promote organ donation via special programmes.
There are numerous reports of the murder and of the most dreadful abuse and humiliation of the detainees.
The European Union is the world's largest provider of humanitarian and development aid.
Amnesty International today suggests the Sri Lankan army could be guilty of war crimes for its use of cluster bombs on a hospital - a 16-hour bombardment, according to Amnesty International.
Victims should be able to rely on clear rules and should always be informed about the measures that are available to them in their country of origin and in the countries they want to move to, or to which they have already moved.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Oettinger, ladies and gentlemen, the dramatic events in Japan have shown us that the only totally safe nuclear power plant is the one that was never built or the one that was shut down.
In this respect, we will also take account of Member States' analysis.
The development of an interregional concept and the exchange of best practice are being included in the cohesion policy reform plans, and complement it excellently.
Therefore, I think it extremely necessary and important that there be proper monitoring in this area - it is essential!
The new or revised instrument should also be sufficiently broad to cover a wide range of actions that do not comply with the OECD DAC guidelines, but which are crucial for the EU's cooperation with developing countries, for instance, the development of the Akkas gas fields in Iraq or cooperation on aviation security with India.
Today's debate has also shown clearly that there is a strong majority in the European Parliament supporting Romania's and Bulgaria's accession to the Schengen area because they have done their homework.
Consumers need to recognise Community products and know why they are healthier than others. Last but not least, they must know that buying these products supports European farmers and agri-food producers and, therefore, the European economy.
In line with this proposal Bulgaria is to receive only a share of the EUR 20 million earmarked for the project linking Bulgaria with Greece.
Without being gullible, we can be optimistic, and then perhaps we can have a debate.
Opening of the sitting
The European Union's intention is to defend on the international stage the same principles which also guide it internally, namely, democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
As a liberal, I voted for the directive changing the rules on invoicing, because I think that the method used today, whereby this chapter was incorporated into the VAT Directive, has not completely attained its objective, which was to simplify, modernise and harmonise the submission of VAT invoices.
As already explained, cluster munitions are indeed among the most brutal weapons in existence.
Will you work with us to provide protection for all concerned?
What exactly is your recommendation?
The Treaty of Lisbon has strengthened Parliament's role in the European decision-making process and, by extension, the legitimacy of this institution in the eyes of Europe's citizens.
At present in Diyarbakir there are more than 185 minors in prison.
This is the meaning of the much-vaunted European solidarity.
(Applause)
On 29 September 2010, the Commission tabled a legislative package aimed at strengthening economic governance in the European Union and the euro area.
With a new Commissioner, there is no time to be lost in making Turkey start pulling its troops out of Cyprus and implementing the Ankara Protocol.
I believe that the agreement that has been reached on support for the European Union's energy policy in the long term, providing incentives in the short term for the recovery of the economy, achieves both goals.
It was right and proper that a biennial cycle should have been chosen for awarding the label.
There are and may be binding agreements, there are sectoral agreements, there is technology transfer and there is support for research.
This is, of course, linked to the implementation and execution and to who we appoint as our representatives in the Commission and, of course, as leaders in the top posts that are now to be filled.
(HU) Mr Salafranca raised the question of what the result of the transition will be.
Mr President, 60 years ago revolution in the Arab world meant the end of European colonial rule.
The recent Irish meat incident highlights the need for stringent enforcement and controls on legal requirements, and my services will continue to examine how that can be improved.
With so much at stake between the major financial nations, a reconsideration of issues such as capital ratios and leverage demand stronger oversight by Parliament.
I would call on both parties in this matter, in other words, both the EU and India, to try to find a solution to this problem that both respects copyright, because that is absolutely essential, and, at the same time, ensures that practical means are provided to enable the many poor people in India to obtain cheap medicines.
The compromise reached refers to the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, while Amendment 138 opted for the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
It gives power to the national parliaments in ACP countries to scrutinise the development assistance that is being provided, in the same way that the Lisbon Treaty should have given more power to national parliaments within the EU to scrutinise what we are doing here.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Barroso, following this debate I am even more convinced that I am right to back the proposal put forward by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) to support your candidacy, and as Chairman of the Committee on Petitions, I would like to offer you my modest contribution: Mr Barroso, I endorse your objectives and the priorities you set out, but allow me to suggest two areas of greater focus, in particular with regard to what you refer to as moving out of this economic and financial crisis.
We are still receiving many thousands of euros in general expenditure allowance every month without there being any requirement for accountability in respect of the sum in question.
Madam President, regions are an extremely important place for the development of culture.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I should like to express my sincere and earnest thanks to the rapporteur, whose skills and rigour have been put to good use in guaranteeing Member States that granting free passage to Taiwanese nationals and abolishing visas will not cause problems for the European Union.
I must say when I first came across the idea of the CFP, I thought the C in the CFP stood for communist, rather than common, fisheries policy.
Concerning safe building standards, these standards exist but the question is how closely these standards are followed in Member States.
Given the current momentum in IMF reform created by the G20, the Commission underlines the importance of advancing the second phase of reform at the World Bank with a view to concluding it by spring 2010.
However, it is also important to look into some of the reasons: the aggressive language, xenophobic language and nationalistic language that were part of the build-up to this conflict.
Mr President, what Mr Rack has just proposed is an interesting idea.
There is a saying that goes 'the fish stinks from the head down'.
Concerning the sitting on Thursday, the Group of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has submitted a request to hold over the vote on the report by Mr Lehne on annual accounts of certain types of companies as regards micro-entities.
Unfortunately, the situation has had the biggest impact on women, and the problem is most visible in the services industry (hotels, catering, education, health, social work) and agriculture.
However, I still do not agree with the exclusion of solar modules from the directive.
The aim is to focus on prevention through better integration of immigrant families and to raise awareness by promoting educational campaigns and initiating dialogue forums on traditional practices.
This is why I endorsed Mrs Trüpel's report.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, my regulation on biometric visas is now being incorporated in this new visa code, so I feel I have a little bit of ownership of it.
I would like to reiterate that it is the most vulnerable populations, including indigenous peoples, who are affected by climate change, and so their participation in policymaking, especially trade policy, is essential.
Some play on people's fears.
Thank you, Commissioner.
Serbia's future lies in the EU.
Braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (
But there is no certainty - not in the outcome in any country - and no quick fix or short-term solution that will create the world so many people want to see.
I believe it is a stance that will clearly benefit both sides: the European Union, which grants these visas, and these countries, which must naturally also do so on the basis of reciprocity.
Last but not least - it is worth repeating - the base at Guantánamo must be closed, and Cuba must regain control of its entire territory.
I should take this opportunity to remind you once again that SMEs are the most authentic representatives of the European economic fabric and provide numerous examples of excellence that should be encouraged and supported.
Here, of course, one gains added value, which is only to be expected of the Union as far as these issues are concerned.
No, it was not the right method.
I would also like to thank the chairmen of the three committees, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, for their very constructive cooperation on these matters.
In the past, we have adopted several resolutions on that problem, including protection of minorities and anti-discrimination policies.
This additive fulfils the four criteria in Regulation (EC) No 1333/2008 permitting authorisation: food additives must be safe when used (confirmed by the EFSA in its opinion of 2005); there must be a technological need for their use (very useful as a stabiliser); their use must not mislead the consumer (use limited to pre-packaged and, hence, labelled, products); they must be of benefit to the consumer (end product is stabilised).
It is good that we have balanced budgets, and that we do not have to face the necessity of bailing out our debts like almost all the Member States.
Meanwhile, according to various sources, it has not been prepared in a way which would allow us refer to it with a clear conscience.
All of our constituents are suffering from the consequences of the economic crisis, especially in the loss and diminishment of their pensions.
It is our common duty.
Wherever there are people working together, things will go wrong.
We should remember that solidarity is most important during hard times.
The two things are different and, ultimately, it is good that this has been confirmed in the proposal.
It has taken Europe decades to realise this.
There can be no future for a system like this in European regional policy.
It will promote friendly relations, stability, security and the wellbeing of citizens, which is so much needed in the region.
I would like to express my solidarity with all of their families.
We are thus in a right old stew!
The register aims to give citizens more transparency as regards organisations and self-employed individuals engaged in EU policy-making or trying to influence the EU decision-making process.
These are just a few specific incidents. However, Romanians in Italy are facing similar censure almost every day.
You will recall the adoption of the work programme of the Commission at the end of March, the content of which showed that the Commission not only has the intention but is already taking action.
I think it would be wrong not to recognise that Africa has changed substantially.
The remoteness of Tibetan areas does not make this task any easier.
Aside from mere political alchemy, was the true social cancer of unemployment even mentioned?
The protocol provides for a Union contribution to the Seychelles of EUR 16.8 million over three years, of which EUR 2.22 million per year will go towards support for the Seychelles' fisheries policy.
However, the poorer the developing countries are, the more they will require further public financial assistance from developed countries.
Let us not forget them.
The Commission notes that the report agrees with the findings of this paper, that victims of European Community competition law infringements currently face considerable difficulties in claiming compensation for the harm suffered by them.
(LT) Mr President, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Pack, and I agree entirely with her recommendations on the 'Youth in Action' and Lifelong Learning programmes and the participation of Switzerland in these.
It penalises the users of tools such as botnets for committing the offences, and introduces a higher level of sanctions for committing the offences.
This would directly address the inequality and injustice created by the digital divide, and is the only way to ensure that the energy-efficient potential of ICT is fully realised.
The financial crisis has led to a growth in unemployment, poverty and social exclusion, and has demonstrated the fragility of certain pension fund systems.
We now have a document before us which is significantly better than the Commission's original vague proposal.
In order to achieve this, we ask the parties to initiate a constructive dialogue to peacefully resolve the Abyei situation as well as the issues still to be negotiated, such as the distribution of oil revenues, boundary delimitation and debt distribution.
One of the preliminary conclusions is that the efforts and investment made by the Member States in terms of monitoring should be increased in order to reach the levels required by European legislation.
To address these, we adopted a month ago a recommendation for directives for the renegotiation of the visa facilitation with Russia.
the concern about increasing market concentration in the food retail sector, which has led to the development of monopolies, and the need for alternative solutions in negotiations with retailers, in favour of small farmers.
The joint debate is closed.
On this specific point, there is no innovation.
However, they constrained the capacity of the governments to act.
It is not about limiting civil liberties or harassing consumers.
That brings me to this question of tar sands and oil shale.
I think that is very important.
Indeed, Parliament is waiting for the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon to be implemented.
However, there is one thing we must not forget: only a dramatic strengthening of family policy and support for families with children can bring a long-term solution to these problems.
However, the main thing is that it enables MEPs to express a rather progressive opinion on the EU 2020 strategy's flagship programme dedicated to industry.
(SK) Mr President, we are considering whether the current agreement concluded between Russia and the European Union fulfils our expectations and whether the two-way movement of people matches their interest in travelling.
That is why I want once again to appeal to all the democratic forces in Europe, in this Parliament, in Greece, to unite in a consensus to do everything possible to ensure growth and prosperity in Europe.
One ought, in fact, to call it an abyss, an abyss into which the rights of asylum seekers and the credibility of our protection system in Europe are sinking.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Madam President, I would like to thank Mrs Morgan for her report on the electricity markets.
In the long term, the strategy to prevent fires of this nature in Europe must be improved and we must end the reliance on short-term crisis management.
The current financial and economic crisis has exacerbated the problem of SMEs' access to finance.
The answer I will give to that comes, in a way, straight from my heart.
Professional secrecy clauses have been extended beyond Commission staff to include members of expert groups so that, instead of moving towards more transparency, we are moving towards more secrecy.
However, after today's parliamentary vote, we cannot fail to send a powerful signal to the Council and Commission.
Thank goodness that we live in a European democracy in which we can all express our opinions.
Within these 12 key priorities, my colleagues and I will make sure that the issue you have raised is tackled satisfactorily and that the Commission makes no recommendation to start the accession talks unless questions, such as the one you raised, are dealt with satisfactorily.
The most important task policy-makers and politicians have is to strike a healthy balance between sustainability and agricultural economics.
So please keep the pressure on me, but do so also in terms of Member States.
16.
How can we best reassure them?
Member of the Commission. - (CS) Mr President, honourable Members, I would like to thank you for a discussion that has tackled the proposal from many different perspectives.
This measure penalises the outlying countries of the European Union, which is particularly onerous in the context of the financial crisis that we are currently experiencing.
The amendments agreed would limit the prohibition to discriminatory treatment.
Therefore, the economic recession came to an end in the European Union in the third quarter of last year and economic recovery has begun.
I therefore agree with the rapporteur when she underlines the fact that the Commission has recently raised the quality of its impact assessments, while pointing out that further improvements are still needed.
With the Treaty of Lisbon entering into force, Parliament is going to be decisive from the start, and I want to hear a clear commitment from you that you will involve this House in developing the legislative programme arising from the Stockholm Programme.
One of the advantages of being late is that you can benefit from the latest technology.
The new situation has, at least, delivered one thing, and that is that, for the first time in six or seven years, I have been granted a visa, making it possible for me and a delegation from Parliament to travel to Belarus for a few weeks, an opportunity that I will be happy to seize upon.
Therefore, I very much welcome this report and I hope that tomorrow, you, the Members of this House, will not water it down.
In this case, there are, of course, many problems that are linked to the country of origin regulations.
It is also clear that we are breaking the law.
And they are so surprised at this, as if it were the consequence of regrettable natural disasters or tsunamis.
Finally I would like to emphasise very clearly that it is essential that the food used for the purposes of the aid programme should be of good quality, and should ideally be fresh and come from local farms.
And, while they are intended to promote fair competition across the European Union, they are having unintended negative effects on the development of badly needed social housing in marginalised communities, mainly because of the difficulty of obtaining land in what was, until recently, a speculators' market.
This relates to shipping on and below the water, fisheries, resources in the form of primary energy carriers and raw materials.
It is necessary to strengthen both the interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary facets of education and research programmes and cooperation between universities.
(DE) Mr President, I wanted to speak again because a number of my fellow Members have spoken about the jobs issue in perhaps somewhat sanctimonious terms.
We also need to arrive at a common interpretation of the sea rescue regulations in terms of the right to international protection, on the one hand, and the international law of the sea, on the other.
Among the amendments introduced, the most important is the possibility for self-employed people and their spouses or life partners to receive social benefits, including, most importantly, the possibility to pay contributions towards their own retirement pension, and also to have paid maternity leave analogous to that which is given to women who work for an employer.
We need to find the energy together to beat this fatigue.
Even earlier, in 2004, Parliament adopted a report by Mrs Boogerd-Quaak on the risks of violation, in the EU, of freedom of expression and information.
(SV) Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, who has succeeded in producing a report that is also stimulating debate.
Mrs Jensen has been invited and will therefore be attending, I believe, if only in an informal capacity, but the point is that we will be able to compare the positions of Commission, Parliament and Council in order to try to speed up what I hope will be an easy agreement, so that we may give a practical response to citizens and approve a shared text as soon as possible.
It is quite literally a question about the future of life on Earth.
Taking into account the need for improved data and indicators to complement GDP, various measures are suggested that would provide a more reliable knowledge base.
The actual operator from the country of origin must pay the operator from the network being visited for carrying the signal.
This represents a guarantee for sheltering them from market globalisation and for ensuring that the 'informed' consumer can reject produce that does not bear the obligatory geographic indication of origin, that is not certified clearly, and that does not comply with marketing and anti-counterfeiting rules.
I welcome the adoption of this proposal, which marks real progress towards greater transparency in health matters.
in writing. - I supported this report which puts forward proposals to tackle violence against women across Europe and calls for all Member States to prioritise this issue.
If we are to dispel the suspicion that the newly established fund is targeted mainly at those who have not used the resources allocated within the EUR 5 billion package of the economic recovery programme due to non-implementation of projects, representatives of the new Member States should also be included in the selection process.
We were unable to reply that the EU had a solution to these situations, and here, the Chair of the Committee on Transport and Tourism correctly said that this risk could not have been anticipated, it could not have been controlled, and the whole thing was more like complete chaos.
The message that this Parliament gave was clear: that there is a serious problem with fraudulent practices by misleading business directories, that tens of thousands of our small businesses, voluntary organisations, and even charities, are falling victim to these fraudulent practices, and that we need a concerted approach to stop once and for all such deceptive practices.
Bananas are the world's fourth most important crop and make a major contribution to global food security.
What is incomprehensible is the fact that a by-product containing chromium, arsenic and mercury was stored in an open reservoir, where, in principle, heavy rains could be enough to cause a dangerous situation.
The points made by the Court are the motivation to amend the listing procedures of the regulation.
However, as part of the package, the Commission was requested by the European Council and Parliament to assess modalities for their inclusion in the EU reduction commitment by mid-2011, and to make a legislative proposal as appropriate.
The ability to make equity investments in the respective airlines, as well as increased consultation and cooperation on security, are just some examples of this.
We are now approaching the final stages of the creation of this new architecture of the three European Supervisory Authorities with the appointment of their chairpersons and executive directors in the next few days.
in writing. - On behalf of the British Labour delegation in the European Parliament I welcome many of the positive aspects of the Parliament's report on the proposal for a directive on cross-border healthcare.
There are significant differences between countries' practices, and we know that some of the applications have been outsourced and that, today, some asylum seekers no longer even have the opportunity to register their applications.
Obviously, when a compromise is needed, each must take a step back so that others can do the same, and I therefore think that Mr El Khadraoui's words were wise: we have done the best we could under the circumstances.
Madam President, we sometimes have good news, even in emergency situations.
We now have legislation at European level and the framework decision on racism and xenophobia, which will be a key tool to tackle the racism that Roma people suffer from.
The measures to reduce transport time and handling costs in ports are certainly positive initiatives.
Mr President, an ambitious, legally-binding treaty is needed urgently.
The ECHO humanitarian experts and the EU civil protection team are undertaking joint assessments with OCHA and several UN agencies in the most affected areas.
I believe that the role of the European Parliament is eminently political with regard to the Commission's proposal to create a programme of accompanying measures for Africa-Caribbean-Pacific (ACP) banana-producing countries.
The Single Market Act includes the major issue of the patent, which we are discussing right now - hence, the complications with my schedule, Madam President - in the Competition Council under the Belgian Presidency.
It is a motion by the PPE Group, but some of the committees want more time on this very important and complicated matter, however urgent it may be.
The Commission does not implement aid operations itself.
I voted in favour of this report because transparency of political institutions is a prerequisite for legitimacy.
Last weekend was a triumph for communication.
This communication has been received in a very positive way by all the Member States and, I hope, by Parliament.
Thirdly, the communication also contains proposals which, in my view, are counterproductive in terms of strengthening the single market, because they burden enterprises with additional bureaucracy.
This was accompanied by unrest, in which over 130 people lost their lives.
The Greens strongly object to any dirty deal with a dictator like Gaddafi on the back of migrants and Libyan citizens.
Reform of the development cooperation system, which is covered in the report, must also be supported.
In addition to the importance of this instrument in supporting emerging countries - especially in Africa and Latin America - so as to assert the EU's role as a promoter of social development and peace in global terms, I would like to highlight the need for Parliament to be given better information to ensure the proper implementation of such resources aiming to promote development cooperation in third countries.
Finally, Mr President, the Council and the Commission know what is expected of them.
It produces wealth founded on hot air.
My group advocates the immediate withdrawal of the armed units of the North and the South from Abyei, adherence to the comprehensive peace agreement and recognition of the demilitarised zone.
2007 was a decisive year, because we set out our precise objectives.
Our international partners want it.
The German Free Democratic Party is fundamentally in favour of positive labelling (process labelling) of genetically modified organisms at a European level in order to ensure the necessary transparency for consumers.
Any football team now has at least one statistician and bases its plans on that, and that applies also to the tourist industry.
In countries that have introduced gender equality-friendly legislation, women's representation on the labour market tends to be significantly higher, as well as the percentage of birth rate.
The fact is, the debate that we are holding this morning has absolutely nothing to do with the reason why the European Parliament exists.
What could we do to help them to achieve this?
The intentions which are behind the resolution are much more profound.
Nevertheless, we will have to go much further in safeguarding freedom of access to open science, to open research and to all intellectual works while, of course, bearing in mind that property rights in the areas of literature, art and research should also be safeguarded.
In Europe tobacco is grown in 17 of the 27 Member States, with subsidies being provided by their governments in every case.
The Commission must act to ensure legislation in this area is upheld and not just a lip service to consumer rights.
It is encouraging that the government has set up a commission to deal with reconciliation, establish legal jurisdiction, solve language problems and deal with former front-line soldiers.
Increasing numbers of fish species in the Baltic Sea are under immediate threat.
Just allow me to give you an example involving money from the Solidarity Fund.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
Nobody wants the system that we have established together, with many years of work, to fall into pieces.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I totally disagree with the last speakers.
It should, in any event, come as no surprise to us that the two sides have very different approaches in some areas.
(DE) My question refers to the volcanic eruption which will, of course, have an impact on particulate matter and CO2 emissions.
This is not the time to review your work.
The integration of new technology into maritime traffic and the intensification of piracy, combined with the lack of any strict, general control, are premises underlying the problem.
Let me say a word on Afghanistan.
The European Parliament, like the Commission, is trying to contain the centrifugal trends and the logic of 'every man for himself' by calling for even greater dedication to completing the internal market, harmonising taxes and strengthening competition and the rules of the market.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - How will the AIFM Directive, aimed at alternative investment fund managers, restore confidence in the financial sector when the problem is with the big commercial banks?
For all these reasons I am proud to give him my full support.
And the fact that he comes from Belgium, bringing instinctive support to the Community method and being instinctively pro-European - that is a very good tribute to Belgium as well.
If we launch this debate but stop halfway through, we will lose out for the next four years.
Reconstruction should be an opportunity for huge innovation in sustainable development for those people who have shown us all that they not only have great dignity, but also great courage and an overwhelming desire to start afresh.
The external dimension of social policy includes EU activities and initiatives aimed at promoting labour and social standards in non-member countries.
We therefore welcome the fact that you are giving us a very clear signal here that you want to cooperate in this area.
When you were talking about the Desertec project, I had the feeling that the handbrake was on to some extent.
I ask that the Commissioner continue her good work in striving for a solution to this dispute.
The Industry Committee is prepared to support the entire package.
It is, of course, essential for this Parliament to have a seat, but the seat is established by our treaties and it is here in Strasbourg.
This is patently false, because no-one has ever asked that the Member States pool 100% of their debts.
I would just like to inform you that it is just the same position, and I do not think that there is a need to change this position before the negotiations on SWIFT.
This was no easy year for the ECB, which had to face a number of challenges.
However, in the drawing up of the directive, the greatest possible attention needs to be paid to maximum control and avoidance of any possible 'exploitation' of this social assistance.
(FR) Madam President, I would just like to remind the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats that there are groups in this Parliament other than the two large ones.
I would also like briefly to mention an issue I often talk about, namely deforestation and water management in the world, which we always tend to undervalue.
When that happens, we must preserve the rule of law.
This report would send out an important political signal were it to be adopted as presented.
First, and with the objective of preserving and strengthening relations between the European Union and the Andean Community, the Commission proposes to enrich and update the 2003 political dialogue and cooperation agreement.
The launch of a peace process is in the interests of everyone - including the Tamils.
However, for some time I have been calling for a business-based review of the EU agencies.
Unfortunately, the conservative majority did not follow the recommendations of the social democrats on this issue.
But until they get a President and a Prime Minister who can lead them, they will have no chance of moving forward.
That is true; we feel the same.
What on earth is one to do in this situation, given that the basic notion here is that Finland should be able to rely on the fact that in Lithuania, this couple will have a fair trial?
In the whole of Europe, the only country that is reproducing at sustainability level is Albania, or Turkey if you count Turkey as a European country - and nowhere else.
But we need to strengthen the European dimension of this and to prevent Member States from unilaterally taking action.
According to the report, over the past 5 years, Turkey has made hardly any progress worth mentioning in its process of reform or in meeting the EU's accession criteria.
I fully understand that the debate on this issue is very often very intense, because it really concerns nations, nationality and languages.
It is true that the regulation sets precise criteria for the form and content of the request.
Lithuania is home to a subsidiary of Białystok University, the only department of a Polish university outside Poland.
Instruments using instant loans, equity and guarantees help maximise the effects of the EU budget by attracting additional funds from third parties.
In my view, Mr President, the answer to both these questions is no.
Furthermore, they are still speculating, even though we have been saying for a long time that something needs to be done about this.
The Czech Presidency of the Council decided 30 minutes ago to accept the outcome negotiated in the trialogue negotiations.
I hope that this could have an impact on other, related sectors, such as plant protection product data requirements, which are right now moving through their own revision process.
Given that our competitors are getting stronger and advancing dynamically, and that to fully exploit its advantages, Galileo needs to reach full operation capacity, the project would require additional investment, as indicated by the rapporteur.
I welcome Mr Böge's report because it also indicates areas where changes and improvements are needed, thereby paving the way for a more efficient European Union.
I also find it very regrettable that the Czech Presidency is conspicuous by its absence today and is unable to discuss its attempt to water down the Barcelona objectives with us here in Parliament, as this Czech move is a very clear roll-back in EU equality policy and we very clearly reject the antiquated picture of women and the family expressed by the Czech Presidency's proposal.
We have to have a more democratic Union which allows citizens to take the initiative.
Perhaps some enterprising British citizens might like to meet the Roma as they disembark at Calais and Heathrow and give them the addresses and location maps so that they can find their way to the homes of our Prime Minister, his cabinet colleagues and all the MPs in favour of EU membership.
This directive is not the place to regulate small farms.
The persecution of Christian minorities and others across the Islamic world is vastly under-reported by the West's media.
[12796/2010 - C7-0339/2010 - 2010/0217(NLE)]
A first step could be the signing of a binding agreement, requiring multinationals to automatically declare their profits and the taxes paid in every country in which they operate, thus limiting the abuses and the losses sustained by developing countries.
It is a good thing that a foreigner who holds a long-stay visa granted by a Member State is able to travel to other Member States for at least three months within a period of six months, and on the basis of the same conditions as the holder of a residence permit.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I would firstly like to thank all the Members of the European Parliament for this really constructive debate.
. - (RO) I would like to thank Francisco José Millán Mon for his excellent report on transatlantic relations.
We need to remember, however, that, in addition to research, Europe needs a more extensive action programme on dementia.
There is a lot to be done on that score, and I think that we need to invest in that and that we ought to consult our communication advisers on how we can best achieve that.
The transposition of this regulation into national law has had positive effects on the ground, including by improving the training of seven million European hunters, who, as a result of working in that environment all the time, are in a position quickly and effectively to detect health crises affecting wild fauna.
But today, Europe faces a very important choice; I would say a defining choice for future generations.
However, the various kinds of State aid involved changes things.
At present, it is difficult for an individual inventor or a small company to get patent protection across the whole of Europe.
The examination of applications, any potential interviews, the authorisation procedure and the printing and insertion of visa stickers will be carried out only by diplomatic or consular representatives.
The intention of the Chinese authorities to introduce Mandarin Chinese as the primary language of instruction in schools violates the rights of the indigenous people of Tibet.
The motion for a resolution, approved today by an overwhelming majority, reflects the new and extremely important role which the European Parliament is to assume.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund: EGF/2011/017 ES/Aragon (
Mr President, one issue that feminism has had an ongoing discussion about is that of the stay-at-home mother.
Have the requisite measures since been taken in response to the objections raised by the Commission?
Initially, we had a very heated discussion on this subject.
I know that there has been a break as a result of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, but it is even more damaging for us if the Council and Commission do not keep us informed of these processes.
The sector employs directly 12 million EU citizens with 26 million workers dependent on the sector.
Decision-makers reacted to the turning off of the gas taps as if this had been completely unexpected.
The European Union has to invest in joint programmes to combat the growing traffic in people, which has devastating consequences, particularly for women and children.
I trust that European institutions and processes have remained effective during the financial crisis.
President of the European Council, the conclusions we have read, which are the work of your task force to a very great extent, will put the Union on the path towards the necessary structural adjustments, and in that respect we welcome them.
Hopefully it will put the issue of pensions centre stage in EU matters.
Although the European Commission has come up with several initiatives to put an end to this scourge affecting millions of women throughout the world, not least by drawing up a new action plan on gender equality (2010-2015), the truth is that the EU cannot stand idly by while violations of women's fundamental rights are going unpunished, particularly in the following areas: sexual abuse, female genital mutilation and forced marriage, human trafficking and prostitution, lack of legal protection, etc. I agree that there is a need for further study of this issue, so that we have the most detailed and scientific data available to us.
On a global scale, this will not reduce emissions of gases which are harmful to the climate.
The fisheries sector in France is suffering greatly because the French Government and Brussels have decided to sacrifice French fishermen for the sake of European economic and trade policy.
You have heard your fellow Member's request.
Has Commissioner Oettinger not already committed himself to financing that project?
Parliament notes also that data were collected on the safety and health of women at work.
Give the Commission proposal your support.
However, this does not detract from the fact that it is precisely the uncertain consequences of this Treaty which will prove to be Lisbon's Achilles' heel for the Union's institutional balance, something that the rapporteur has failed to pick up.
I also hope that this person will take into consideration Mr Brok's report and will have an equal and fair representation of all Member States, in particular, new Member States.
The mobilisation of funds is intended to facilitate the reintegration into the labour market of those affected.
It is important that this agreement be adopted, as Croatia is one of the main transit routes through which illicit drugs are smuggled into the EU, so it is vital that this country be involved in the EMCDDA's work as soon as possible, particularly bearing in mind that Croatia's accession to the EU is envisaged for the end of 2012 or beginning of 2013.
Furthermore, there should be a possibility of error correction for farmers who have, unintentionally or due to factors beyond their control, committed infringements and are penalised as a result of this, as well as a greater transparency regarding these penalties.
I am sorry to say that what the taxpayers want to know is if their money has gone to the right person for the right purpose and for the right amount.
The next meeting, in Bonn, should set the road map for taking the negotiations forward.
Recent geopolitical events involving our eastern neighbours have clearly demonstrated that there is also a need to better adapt the European Neighbourhood Policy to the needs of the region.
Thus, cities play a particularly important role in the European Union's cohesion policy.
Madam President, I would like to thank the Commissioner as well for his response and advise him that a drop of whisky, some hot water and a slice of lemon is very good for clearing the throat.
What type of capital do banks hold?
Therefore, our efforts should focus on enforcing this legislative framework strictly at national level in each Member State in this situation.
The protective measures proposed by some states are no way to tackle the current crisis.
However, as long as the spirit of the views expressed by the European legislative are going to be preserved in the future version of the agreement, it will be adopted.
This directive brings to the fore the very important recognition that discrimination is not something which only happens in the workplace.
However, the Commission has an important role to play with the proposal it makes and here we rely on you, Commissioner Hahn, because in my opinion, some of these proposals - like the suggested preconditions for the Member States for receiving European Union financial assistance - need additional qualification.
There is no reliable information, therefore we ask the United Nations to conduct an official investigation into what happened.
I look forward to taking your questions.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, let me first thank you for this opportunity to talk about the challenge of poverty and what the European Union can do on the global level through its development cooperation policy.
Babies' health is too important to be left in the hands of a multinational company's marketing department.
Enhancing cross-border cooperation is also imperative, as is encouraging citizens to create innovative new businesses.
In theory it is there to make soft loans available to struggling businesses, but who are, in fact, the recipients?
Sexism, just like racism, consists in denying another person an alter ego status.
There are a lot of opportunities open to us for innovation.
The revolutions will only be able to succeed if these two problems are resolved in tandem.
As has already been emphasised, it is important for us to stress that one of the main objectives of our strategy in Afghanistan is to get rid of the Taliban groups from this country.
If Europe reduced its agricultural output, the rise in food imports would contribute significantly to the global rise in food prices.
Caution should be exercised now if democracy is to have a future in Egypt.
I would not agree that we were slow to respond: help from the European Union was flowing within 24 hours.
(SK) The liberalisation of visa policies in the Western Balkans is both a politically sensitive issue and a highly sensitive issue in human terms for the inhabitants of these states and this region.
We have a shared responsibility to promote common values, such as respect for human rights, democracy, stability and peace, but also to find better solutions to various global dangers and challenges, as is the case with the economic and financial crisis, climate change, nuclear proliferation, fighting international crime and terrorism, and eradicating poverty, among other issues.
One of the key issues and threats to the European supply chain is the lack of an established, acceptable, very low level of the presence of varieties of genetically modified organisms which have not yet received approval in the European Union.
New measures must be considered for the development of consistent European plans.
Second: I took note of Parliament's concerns with regard to the human rights situation in Russia; we share most of them and these issues will be raised with the Russian President at the summit.
I will read the text in English and then I will explain why:
A community is being built and this process, albeit slow, has more chance of succeeding than the desire to impose a single approach, which is not essential.
That I think is the appropriate way of dealing with this.
That is why this dialogue - the contact between universities and the business sector - is so very important, why we have spent such a long time working it through and why Mr Schmitt spent such a long time writing this report.
Spending on debt-ridden eurozone countries, including Greece, was pursued with little hesitation and amounts to a trillion euros over three years.
At the same time, Google is visibly calling for freedom of speech for Chinese Internet users.
It calls for labelling for foods of animal origin, but not for those of plant origin.
It has been a full Member of the European Union for decades, and it belongs to the Euro Group.
Therefore, all the recommendations of the report to step up EU-US relations are not only welcome, but also strongly needed.
It was rejected by a large majority of Member States.
No regulation should therefore restrict one of the basic rights of citizens.
That is why the Union could not but be one of the first to support the necessary systematic update of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions.
(GA) Mr President, I voted for this Agreement;
No.
Mr Florenz's report does not change the position of those who are not convinced of the decisive influence of human activity on climate change which has, for millions of years, only ever been subject to the laws of nature.
I do not intend to speak for myself at this point, but will quote a number of well-regarded Albanian socialists, such as Mr Agolli, former President of the Parliament, Mr Belumbi, and the country's President, Mr Maldani, all of whom reject the renewed boycott imposed by their representatives in the parliament.
The analysis made by our Commission and the Basel Committee shows that the new regulations will strengthen financial stability, limit pro-cyclicality and lead to significant economic and social benefits for a wide range of stakeholders, thanks to the expected reduction in the frequency of banking crises and the risks they entail.
The number of global policy objectives has, however, increased.
On this point, I agree with my fellow Member in believing that sectoral and general budget support under the ENPI should be made available only to governments which are able to implement it in a transparent, effective and accountable manner and where it constitutes a real incentive; for this very reason, however, I cannot agree to a review of the ENPI as set out in his report.
Ninety per cent!
I supported the vote of the European Parliament, which today, Tuesday 14 December 2010, approved the release of EUR 35.6 million for France, whose Atlantic coastline was partly devastated by storm Xynthia in February.
In addition, in order to avoid 'dummy companies', further guarantees must be supplied as regards companies' registered offices.
If you suspect, Mr Oettinger, that there are stress tests that will not produce the desired result because the systems to be tested may not survive the test, then why does the Commission not intervene straight away to close these plants?
I agree with Mrs Wallis about the legislative process and that there should have been a third reading.
The work to stop the violence of men towards women and children needs to be based on the realisation that it is about power, control, ideas about gender and sexuality and a prevailing societal structure in which men are considered superior to women.
The December 2008 Poznań Climate Conference agreed on a work programme for 2009, with clearly identified steps towards Copenhagen.
In particular, the supervisory and interrogatory role of Parliament should be appreciated, as it helps reduce the so-called democratic deficit and makes the relationship between citizens and the Commission more transparent.
The Commission must strengthen monitoring and annual reporting on compliance.
To our European officials, the Council and the Vice-President/High Representative, I say this: it is disappointing to listen to President Obama, or Hillary Clinton, speaking boldly and on time, with you, as always, playing second fiddle and barely audible.
The following should also be highlighted: a guarantee of accommodation in the event of cancellation, a right to immediate assistance in the event of an accident, a right to compensation in the event of cancellation, and the electronic provision of up-to-date information to passengers.
It is no great surprise then that, spurred on by the economic and social crisis, the protests in Tunisia have turned into a tidal wave capable of having a heavy impact on the existing power structure.
All for one and one for all.
We have to be mindful of our funding possibilities and margins and we also have to respect the competences of Member States, but the rules should be able to effectively identify and then adequately respond to the emergence of new risks - and I agree that there are new risks in global supply chains.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, one by one in Pakistan, the voices of reform and progress are being extinguished.
The agreement lasts for three years.
I voted in favour of Mr Simpson's report on international air agreements under the Treaty of Lisbon, bearing in mind that Parliament now has a greater share of responsibility when it comes to negotiating international agreements.
I therefore voted against this proposal.
I would like to open with the most positive aspect: on Thursday, we will vote for more than EUR 3 billion in payment authorisations to go to Structural Funds and programmes of a social nature.
My group wants the EU approach to be promoted over the intergovernmental approach in all these areas, quite simply because it is far more effective and far more sustainable.
After all, more or less all European countries are suffering a huge financial and economic crisis and masses of people are losing their jobs, and the best we can come up with is to allocate ourselves substantially more resources, more staff and more costs at the taxpayer's expense.
I believe that it will be heard, not only in Parliament, but also in the Commission, in the Council and in the Member States.
I support the lifting of the visa regime as an important step towards the integration of the Western Balkans.
A compromise has already been reached with regard to four modes of transport, and now it is time to create a single passenger rights charter, which can later facilitate the assertion of passengers' rights.
I voted in favour of this resolution because I believe that the improvement of the single market, through the active support of Member States and all stakeholders, is essential for the European Union.
The damage caused by the United States in the fight against terrorism is well known.
In this regard, it would also be desirable if the EU were to support not only the war refugees, but also the displaced people and to seek a solution to the restitution claims of the Danube Swabians.
The question, therefore, arises as to what would happen if the US did not support a 30% threshold, if it were established.
For that reason, I sincerely believe that, as well as the stick of warnings and sanctions my fellow Members are requesting, we need the carrot of European-level infrastructures.
The question is whether they can be resolved in this agreement or, as Mr Rübig said, whether other agreements are necessary.
The Czech page about Germany displays Köln as Kolín, while the French page displays Cologne.
Clearly, workers all over Europe have to stand up and fight, themselves, rather than depend on this neo-liberal majority in this Chamber.
International adoption in the European Union (vote)
I think it is particularly important to respect the rights of people who neither commit violence, nor encourage violence in others.
(HU) Mr President, we should not embellish things.
Such information could be extremely valuable for the purposes of environmental policy making.
The livelihoods of dairy farmers are under serious threat.
In this connection I would also like to remind you of what we said regarding exit strategies.
However, we understand that the view of the Commission is that all outstanding issues can be resolved without a major redesign of the SIS II application.
Large projects should receive their own budget lines and a reporting system related to construction progress, and we should not pay any more costs for bridging lenders.
This opportunity must not be squandered.
I would really like to know whether it was asleep when, at the beginning of the year, hard drugs were legalised in the Czech Republic and now, thanks to open borders, we have fabulous drug tourism.
I am therefore opposed to the proposals concerning the protection of animals and the environment, animal feeds and genetically modified food products.
We regret this.
That is why I voted as I did.
In particular, I would like to ask you why there seems to have been no consultation with this Parliament and with Parliament's Committee on Agriculture before the announcement was made.
It is important for us to be in line with this.
Pursuant to Article 307 of the EC Treaty, Member States need to eliminate all provisions which may be present in agreements of this kind and which are incompatible with the acquis.
I completely agree with you that if the Eurovignette is to be made more expensive as a result of exhaust emissions and noise, this extra money must also be used to reduce the environmental impact of road transport and not to fill holes in the finance ministers' budgets.
For example, the Baltic States are the countries of the European Union that need to implement AIDS prevention policies most.
The situation of the Northern Mariana Islands does not pose any problems, as its inhabitants are, as you are aware, US citizens.
What does accession add?
The current situation in the financial markets requires that we support many millions of people who have lost their jobs over the past year.
I agree with the rapporteur that donation must be altruistic, voluntary and free, and that the donor must only be compensated for any expenses or inconvenience incurred by the donation.
It has risk management in it and - as many people have heard round the room - this is a first for much of the financial services legislation.
Let us remember that in 1989, many European politicians were afraid of the changes in Central and Eastern Europe, so let us not be afraid to be fully involved politically and economically.
The problem gradually became clear to me, too.
Every religion must be shown equal respect, and that is why I endorsed this European Parliament resolution.
Clearly, there is not all that much sense in us generating very large numbers of patents that are sold all over the world if the resultant added value then ends up in other parts of the world.
Going forward, surely we should look to be more flexible in our application of GSP+, perhaps as an alternative to the EPAs.
On the other hand, we are also going to try to clarify the rules that should help to ensure that Community law and international law are applied consistently within the context of Frontex operations.
Finally, I also voted for - again thinking of Portuguese textiles - the introduction of a safeguard clause, which provides for the re-establishment of common customs tariff duties on a given product at any time if it is being imported from Pakistan under conditions that cause, or threaten to cause serious problems for an EU producer of similar or directly competing products.
More needs to be done to deliver on the commitment and promises made to deal with the VAT issue, which is also an irritant for our businesses.
Arrests, torture and executions of minors and women have increased.
Setting up a European inter-gender violence monitoring centre and introducing protection orders and an emergency telephone number are intended to restrict the occurrence of this phenomenon in the European Union, while providing support in the battle against violence outside the EU as well.
It affects everyone who travels on Europe's roads.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the priorities for the European Union's 2011 budget revolve around the economic and financial crisis.
They were completed on 10 September 2007 and, after consultations with the EU Member States, the Stabilisation and Association Agreement was initialled on 7 November 2007 in Brussels.
An effectively working internal market is essential for the creation of a stable and innovative economic environment.
In conclusion, I believe the Commission and Parliament are very much in agreement on the achievements of the country, and the remaining challenges.
I voted in favour of the report on emission performance standards for new light commercial vehicles, which comes in the wake of the EU strategy to reduce emissions from light vehicles.
I understand those who say they have no desire to keep talking to a brick wall.
There is no point arguing about that: savings will be made.
Do you see possible contacts for dialogue in Iran with whom you could make contact in order to hold a serious and objective discussion in proper political form?
Europe could, instead, position itself very well to use culture in external action as a two-way street, whereby we teach but also learn, and whereby we maintain fruitful dialogue with other great regional blocs such as Mercosur or the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
We should emphasise that this is a time that reflects the spirit of Lisbon as seldom before.
Ladies and gentlemen, Commission, Council, it is time to stop the words and the appeals - it is time for action.
All the work done by the committee was one-sided and the wide range of scientific opinion was not reflected.
Your Commissioner sent us a reply, in which, amongst other things, he wrote that the residence rights of such couples is recognised by European law.
Mrs Győri, this is very important.
The increase in authoritarianism is reaching worrying proportions.
Only effective synergy between them will bring about a reduction in unemployment.
What I would like to do is to offer a constructive suggestion.
Burning is often the cheapest method to recover these valuable metals as adults and children scramble over the dumps of rubbish in their quest to earn a few cents.
At a time when, for example, most of the population in Mexico is suffering from the consequences of the serious economic recession and when the overwhelming majority of the Mexican banking sector is controlled by foreign companies, particularly European banks, it is regrettable that the European Union is still using its agreement with Mexico more as a point of entry to the United States than to support local development.
We have a moral obligation to ensure that future generations can enjoy and benefit from Europe's wilderness areas.
A form of violence which has no precedent has also appeared in Europe, as has already been mentioned here.
This, I think, would be achievable and possible, and I believe it would also be for the benefit not only of the theatres but also for other reviewers and other partners with whom the Slovenian theatre would cooperate in the future, because only under these conditions can the Commission have a positive look at the financing of these concrete actions, which very clearly describe the element of European value added and European cooperation in this respect.
However, simplification needs to be applied with caution in order to find the right balance between simplification and establishment of policy objectives, avoiding unintended side-effects such as less focused expenditure.
European metrology research and development programme (
The debate is long overdue.
However, the German state is attempting to provide the best possible protection for religious buildings.
This policy, which promotes the balanced development of Europe's regions, accounts for one third of Community expenditure between 2007 and 2013.
in writing. - Many speakers have understandably referred to the economic impact of extending maternity leave from 14 to 20 weeks.
I hope that the employees of Qimonda can derive sufficient benefit from the mobilisation of the fund and succeed in becoming fully reintegrated into the labour market.
I do not think that, just because we have many important commercial links, we have to stay silent on this issue - on the contrary.
Lastly, this decision, if approved under the conditions that I have just mentioned, will have to be accompanied by significantly stricter controls to combat illegal fishing.
And today's preparation for the summit taking place in a week's time actually shows, as far as the European Union is concerned, that if we want to, we can speak with one voice.
I would have liked to have seen the European Parliament make more ambitious demands.
A new division has arisen, a kind of barrier between countries which had and have close relations resulting from a shared history, family connections and, above all, because they are neighbours.
Mr Barroso, I am very pleased to hear you say that you have a proposal for the financial transaction tax.
Could she elaborate more on what she said on eggs from outside the European Union that do not meet equivalent standards to EU standards not being allowed in and having a separate mark.
I would like to say a few words about the proposal of my political group, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), for a debate to be held on the subject of the Russian-Belarussian military exercises which assumed the need to repel a potential attack from Western Europe, from the territory of countries belonging to the European Union and NATO.
At the same time, I would like to welcome the new Commissioner and to wish him every success with his highly interesting portfolio.
I agree that the EU must play a leading role in creating and applying Information and Communication Technologies, thereby generating added value for its citizens and companies.
It also means that the EU has the power to take action, and it is this action by the EU that I and my colleagues in the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality are calling for.
There must, however, be clear rules applying to representatives of special interest groups, in order to ensure open, transparent and proper dialogue with those who seek to participate in some way in the creation of EU law and to influence that process.
However, two basic conditions need to be satisfied if they are to realise their full potential.
They maintain fundamental trust in the Commission's proposal but, at the same time, seek a potential compromise.
Many other countries are taking similar steps to prioritise their work on export control, and we should not be left behind.
There are probably few people around who could really understand it.
I believe that Parliament has now achieved a balanced report which will provide a solid basis for the upcoming negotiations with the Commission and the Council.
Mr President, I would like to speak about one issue only.
There are some proposals, which have already largely been adopted at European level, on the indecent remunerations in the sector, where we could do considerably better.
In fact, these rights were already recognised by the Court of Justice of the European Union.
I do not think that paternity leave has a place in this directive.
According to ICCAT, the current spawning stock biomass is less than 15% of what it was before fishing began.
The Commission does not shy away from using its powers.
It is vital for the EU budget to have adequate margins.
They seem to be based on the idea that these states can deal with the difficult situation themselves, and that they are capable of improving their situation by themselves through a 'disciplined' approach.
It will thus make it quicker and simpler to fill gaps or to regulate or update more detailed aspects in a legislative act, avoiding excessively complicated and prolonged legislative procedures, which used to have negative consequences for the public.
Although gender equality is recognised as a precondition for the achievement of sustainable development and the Millennium Development Goals, climate change policy does not, in the view of the experts, pay sufficient attention to this.
The rebates have not made the system any fairer, but instead have given rise to a number of new exemptions and corrections.
We therefore wanted the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and we succeeded in getting this post in place.
It is precisely for this reason that we urgently need to oppose declarations that would definitively and perpetually rule out the demands of national minorities for autonomy, by referring to the requirements set by the European Union.
I think we should heed the words of the Research Commissioner, Mrs Geoghegan-Quinn.
the report by Mrs Kaufmann, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, requesting the Commission to submit a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of the citizens' initiative.
(Applause)
Let us prioritise the electrification of our rail network, giving us both transport and environmental gains.
Investment in large projects is being simplified.
For that reason, these are the right proposals.
There are plenty of ideas for the countries along the Danube, but what is important are the priorities used to launch the strategy.
As you know, on the Internet, you can find thousands of offers for fake goods using European brands, be it for clothes, cosmetics, watches or even foodstuffs.
The EU is the largest trading bloc in the world and therefore has considerable responsibility.
I would like to say a few things about it.
Mr President, some previous speakers have pointed out problems relating to the composition of the European External Action Service, which has begun work following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Recurrent serious problems with animal transport are due to gross breaches of the law.
I would also remind you that so long as some people are hiding their income and thus avoiding paying taxes, the rest of us have to pay more tax to make up for it.
This is why I am ending with a plea to encourage local production in the European Union.
I am very pleased about the strong support in the European Parliament for the efforts of the Council and the Commission.
However, Commissioner, although I recognise the difficulty of your current position of offering a review, which cannot, under any circumstances, be confused with a revision, and while I recognise that you have really done an excellent job, I cannot resist the temptation to read out loud the memorandum accompanying the statement that was presented:
The 2012 and 2013 budgets will be consolidation budgets aimed at reflecting the Member States' spending cutbacks and setting a benchmark for the levels that will be established in the next financial framework.
At the same time, he said that 90% of these agreements are not worth a pin.
Finally, it is regrettable that the EU Foreign Ministers failed to agree on the clear condemnation of sectarian attacks against Christians in Egypt and Iran.
In my opinion, this agreement has been negotiated mainly for the purposes of trade, and the Millennium Development Goals have been relegated to second place, once again.
The rapporteur has produced an excellent report.
(PT) Madam President, at a time of serious economic and social crisis, like that currently being experienced in a number of European Union Member States, a debate on innovation in all fields of knowledge and in all economic and social areas is welcome.
Fudged and dodged and kicked into the long grass.
Voting time
The Barcelona targets, as PSE women demonstrated by our campaign in 2007, are beneficial for the whole of society and all children.
Parliament will also be able to discuss these proposals as early as next week.
We must not let this happen again.
The negative consequences of gambling cannot be more highly emphasised, as many colleagues have said this morning.
We will do everything possible to ensure that the White Paper continues to push ahead with this.
Firstly, it is a resolution which is important for Croatia.
Since the vote last December, the Czech Presidency has been well aware of the different attitudes of the two institutions towards the draft directive, but has not regarded the negotiating procedure as a fight for prestige between the two institutions.
Finally, we expect a lot from the financial and staff regulations that are to be adopted to further enhance the structure of the EEAS and its Community nature.
We need to improve the transport infrastructure and devote proper attention to building the route for the Nabucco gas pipeline.
The implementation of this agreement, as we said previously, means maintaining flawed measures that are being taken as part of the so-called fight against terrorism with a view to the suppression of rights.
However, I believe that this regulation should also be applied to European companies which invest in energy infrastructure projects in third countries and are directly linked to the energy networks of one or more Member States or have a significant impact on them.
This report represents the third contribution in recent months towards combating violence against women, following the European Protection Order and the directive on combating human trafficking.
We are fully aware of the facts, but I am certain you can find some form of commitment and look into further developing and exploring legal bases on which you can help our side to be on your side, because we all recognise how important Turkmenistan is and we have already given support with regard to other agreements.
This occasion must be followed by specific measures at both EU and Member State level.
What did you really and factually commit to the southern Mediterranean neighbourhood policy within the context of the only amount of money that has been mentioned by you?
However, the European Union's experience indicates that a relationship built over time, based on friendship and diplomacy, is much more productive in the long term.
How do I see the European Union and Latvia in the longer term? In 2015, say?
I think we should.
A clear framework would help to promote the rational use of drugs and would be in the interest of patients.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy withdrew from the elections following pressure from the government; it has therefore been dissolved.
This Court of Auditors' report, too, raises some very negative points about the Council.
The murder is a tragedy for Pakistan, but what does it mean for the West?
You will be asked to give your opinion on the proposed Capital Requirements Directive 4 that will be presented in spring 2011 to implement the Basel III accord in Europe.
Furthermore, energy savings for energy efficient buildings average 30% over conventional buildings.
I agree with Commissioner Damanaki that we should not ask too much of our fishermen by on the one hand demanding that they make radical reforms while on the other liberalising trade.
This is very important.
in writing. - (EL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I, too, should like to start by congratulating the rapporteur, who has done an exceptional job, directly raised crucial questions and insisted on the need for us to obtain clear answers before proceeding to recommend discharge.
The crucial issue is for us to introduce a specific period of validity for A to G energy labelling and for us to update energy efficiency indicators every 3 to 5 years on the basis of progress made on the market.
4.
We are also well aware that some Member States have gone in for nuclear power in such a way that it would not be easy for them to switch to alternatives.
This range is unacceptable to me because it offers the prospect of payments to few areas that require support, including in the western part of the EU.
As you know, this ban was introduced following cases of BSE but now, a few years on, the scientific community agrees in stating that the ban can only be justified for ruminants.
I will repeat what I said yesterday evening because I do not know if the honourable Members here this evening were also here yesterday: regarding the Regulation on the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), I have cut back registration taxes to 60% for SMEs and 90% for micro-enterprises.
An important element in the strategy should also be a consolidated approach to the question of strengthening the role of European states in the field of research on the maritime economy and the development of technology and maritime engineering as well as the development of maritime resources.
We all know this, which is why we should have a serious debate.
It may well be more effective than cutting the pay of someone who earns EUR 1 000.
Unless there is proof to the contrary, that is the truth.
The report by Mr Audy learns lessons from the first part of the Framework Programme for research.
Any mechanism we put in place to deal with crisis prevention and recovery should bear in mind that, in normal times, countries were duly following plans to reduce their deficits and subsequently their debts.
(BG) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union has been adopting a variety of measures to combat the economic crisis for more than a year.
This report, by and large, moves in the right direction - there is little to criticise.
That is the wrong way to go.
I believe that the Single Market is one of the key drivers for European growth.
25.
Without thorough analysis and conclusions, that should become a commitment for all involved, we cannot avoid repeating the same mistakes.
I think it is dishonourable, unfair and inappropriate on behalf of the Commission and the other European Union Member States to deprive these countries of this opportunity.
However, we must also put our own houses in order, and that means ensuring that we have better controls in place for how effectively money from relevant structural funds is spent and in what ways we should support further development.
I should therefore like to share my indignation with you by drawing on two contrasts: the first being the contrast I see between economic governance, on the one hand, and the EU 2020 Strategy on the other.
I wonder if the speaker appreciates that.
The next College, like the current one, will contain a significant number of members from a variety of political families.
I agree with the rapporteur's analysis that this Agreement is not perfect.
The instrument for enhanced cooperation will have a direct impact on the internal market, territorial cohesion and the right of the citizens of the Member States to an EU patent governed by language regulations that provide sufficient legal certainty.
The first is on the question of combining a response to immediate priorities with long-term reconstruction and our staying power.
Thank you very much for your patience, and thanks to all of you for your attention.
It looks a bit like a Vatican-based ritual where we have the same things over and over again.
We currently have many proposals for the additional monitoring of our citizens.
The next item is the report by Mr Baudis, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on European Union relations with the Gulf Cooperation Council.
(FI) Mr President, the free trade agreement to be signed with India is the most remarkable of the EU's free trade agreements negotiated so far.
This report brings together the positions of several political groups and sectoral interests on the basis of the most recent and reliable scientific data.
Evidently, we must manage together to find the capacity to have a much more flexible budget because it is a necessity;
The request presented by Germany for assistance from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) for 1 181 redundancies spread across the four production sites of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen in Baden-Württemberg, a company operating in the printing machinery manufacturing sector, in the period between 26 January and 26 May 2010, fulfils all the legally established eligibility criteria.
On the other hand, the political governance of the G20 and the Financial Stability Board are a tool for Europe, enabling it to ensure that everyone will effectively implement the Basel accord properly and on time.
It is therefore obvious that President Assad and his whole family need to be included on the list - not tomorrow, not the day after tomorrow, but today.
I voted against the Catania report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union 2004-2008 because the report has gone beyond its mandate, making recommendations and comments which go beyond the 2004-2008 period, which it had to report on.
In my speech, I cannot help either but take heed of the remarks made by Mr Swoboda to the effect that through what we are doing, we must look for those elements that unite us rather than divide us.
Both the legal services of the Commission and of the Council have clearly stated that this is the right place.
Of course, we have to accept the decision that has been taken today and, hopefully, the derogation period could give the opportunity to those who are outside the 250 kilometre limit to adapt.
Therefore, we want, in fact, to create the conditions for investment and trade, and, in consequence, for the creation of new jobs.
Mr President, the proposal for a Council regulation concerning a multi-annual recovery plan for bluefin tuna in the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean puts into practice the binding decision adopted by consensus by the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT) at its annual meeting held in November 2008.
If those requests are not met by the Ugandan authorities, then we should call on the Council and Commission to reconsider their engagement with Uganda, should the bill pass into law and breaches of international human rights law take place.
I could name a few more EU countries.
It would be a shame if the next Parliament did not create a similar instrument in the next parliamentary term, not least because in the meantime many national parliaments and governments have restructured their work, with climate change as a specific field.
We can only protect our oceans by means of dissuasive criminal sanctions.
How can the EU be the most competitive economy in the world if firms are subject to so many regulations?
Service providers should be made to act in a transparent manner at all times and, if in very exceptional cases restrictions to access are required, they should be fully accountable in justifying these restrictions.
Guinea is a country with huge economic potential, yet in spite of this, it is one of the world's poorest countries and one of the most corrupt states in Africa, and further dictatorship by the military junta could lead to civil war and destabilise the situation in the whole of West Africa.
Every year, the Belarusian Government changes its strategy on this matter, often leading to very difficult situations that have a negative effect, in particular, on the children themselves, who are already disadvantaged in other ways.
The success of the management company passport depends on our ability to deal with some remaining complex issues, like risk management via Level 2 measures.
The SOLVIT network has shown that it is a very useful instrument for solving the problems - without legal proceedings - encountered by citizens and businesses as a result of the misapplication of internal market law by public authorities.
Let us work on that with the IP enforcement directive and highlight these points in that directive.
We therefore support various proposals included in the report, specifically those that incentivise the harnessing of ICT in the planning of a new transport policy and increase intermodality in the transport sector, or those that call on the Commission to develop a different vision for aid priorities, taking into account these issues of mobilisation of ICT to facilitate the transition to an energy-efficient economy in various areas beyond transport and mobility, such as industry, health and housing.
I want to say just one thing, and it is the most important thing - the European Union is responsible, the EU Member States are responsible for what happens in the world, but they are responsible first and foremost for their own nations, states and citizens, the people who set their hope on what we do, the people who also hope that things will develop well for them in the future.
Indeed, international adoption should have a framework of specific rules in order to avoid abuses, such as child trafficking for example.
Despite this, the outside world, including Europe, is not terribly interested in this appalling situation and the way in which this can be brought to an end.
The European Union strategy should ensure clear objectives and means of funding programmes.
There are a few lessons to be learned.
This is unnecessary.
However, the complete decommissioning process takes a long time since it is not enough simply to disconnect the power plant completely from the grid.
Thank you.
As a result of implementation of these principles, institutions should submit cost cutting plans; thought should be given to the advantages of centralisation, so as to generate economies of scale (e.g. centralised procurement, shared services between institutions).
I think it seems that we are now looking for the guilty in the wrong place.
However, these statistics are not only used to monitor tourism-specific policies, but also play a key role in the context of regional policy and sustainable development.
Kurds, Alevi, non-Muslim minorities, trade unionists, the Ecumenical Patriarchate, Armenians, Cypriots, prisoners, local authorities, homosexuals, women, Kurdish political parties and the mass media have a great deal to say when they dare to break their silence.
The eighth point is that attention is being given to enforcement by means of inspections.
We have looked into it.
I also wished to say to you, Mrs Harms, and to all your fellow Members, that I have listened carefully and will relay your concerns to my colleagues.
I am also convinced that Europe would benefit at least as much as Turkey from its accession.
Again we have to be aware of diversity.
Serbia, however badly affected by the financial and economic crisis, is rapidly returning to political stability.
In its resolution of 15 December, Parliament called for a light Treaty change that provides a legal basis for such a mechanism, rather than resorting to a profound amendment of the Treaty.
But what they did campaign on, what you all campaigned on, was 'Vote 'yes' for jobs'.
It is the Community method that drives Europe forward, not governmentalism!
This disciplinary measure will take into account the total burden of the penalties imposed on the state, and their total amount will be subject to a maximum cap.
The European Union remains deeply concerned about the continued violence in Darfur, leading to displacements, and the severe impact this is having on humanitarian operations.
Having more Europe means, first and foremost, fully implementing the laws that already exist in relation to the internal energy market.
We have to know that this huge European home, if it is to be a strong one, must have a strong foundation and be resistant to further potential crises and perhaps great changes which cannot be ruled out and may be waiting for us.
Remember that the European Union sold the 2004/2005 intervention stocks at an enormous profit.
I am not criticising, but is it allowed to have flags in the Chamber?
It should be possible to perform financial inspections, in order to maintain transparency.
We wish the Pakistani authorities all success in increasing their efforts to fight extremism there.
If we really want to develop rail freight as the driving force behind sustainable mobility, it is essential to support single wagon load transport.
Only one has been barred.
Estonia, where the standard rate of VAT is 20%, is among the 19 Member States where the rate is 20% or more.
15.
In my view, regulation must be brought forward very quickly now.
Mr President, on behalf of one of my constituents I want to raise the case of a young man with dual British/Greek nationality named John Zafiropoulos.
I wish to work with all of you, regardless of political conventions.
I would therefore remind you that the proposal that the procedure invoke the legal basis of Article 70, which excludes Parliament, is unacceptable: we demand Article 77.
I should like to add the following supplementary question: the EU 2020 strategy says that our objective is a digital single market for households and firms, which means equal opportunities in terms of access, but it also means equal opportunities in terms of development.
(DE) Madam President, we are going to be dealing with - though unfortunately not debating - the report by Mrs Kósáné Kovács concerning the Roma issue.
From this perspective, the bizarre idea of sorting lighting equipment into several categories is not desirable, nor is the excessive number of exemptions for the entire category of large equipment.
Our citizens must become actors and not spectators in European environmental policy.
in writing. - (LT) I voted in favour of this report.
These exercises also involve participants from third countries.
And lastly, I find it important to mention the importance of a deep understanding of cultural heritage, so that communities living together can recognise and respect each other's cultural values.
Do you not agree that the Commission should be looking to promote social dialogue and collective bargaining rather than undermining it?
The social consequences, especially, are giving us lots to deal with.
Energy should not be bought from nuclear power stations located outside the borders of the European Union if they do not comply with the highest standards of safety as defined by stress tests in the European Union.
This may sound paradoxical, but it is possible.
I am not saying that things are perfect, but a major effort is being made and, of course, we need to mobilise the entire Internet community.
On 17 November, following the opening, the head of the Communication unit, Wolfgang Petzold, ordered exhibitors immediately to suspend the exhibition on the grounds that the panels depicted captions which were different from those which had been agreed.
That is particularly true for the European Court of Human Rights, but it is also evident that the EU and Russia interpret commitments differently.
Therefore, study programmes should be constantly corrected and agreed on with respect to the needs of different branches of the economy.
If nothing else, this alone can now serve as a major challenge to the rest of the world.
I would like to believe that this report gives a comprehensive overview of all the issues that are related to all the agencies and joint undertakings.
Given that these agencies essentially support environmentally harmful industrial activities, not least because of CO2 emissions, and that, according to the World Bank, they have an insignificant effect on poverty reduction, I agree with the rapporteur's position that ECAs should contribute to EU policies and objectives, meaning there is no need for the OECD Agreement to be reviewed.
On the one hand, there is what is known as macroprudential supervision, through the European Systemic Risk Board, which seeks to prevent serious crises, to guarantee financial stability and to reduce disruptions to the financial system.
I accept the criticism, but I think that this issue is something that would need to be resolved immediately after the elections for the entire parliamentary term.
As it is the official name of an institution, I propose surrounding the name with inverted commas.
However, the workers must know that the monopoly groups will live to impose their demands by finding the parties of capital willing to satisfy them.
In fact, the aforementioned guidelines are clearly inadequate when we look at the figures relating to the 25 million unemployed and 30 million people in precarious or poorly paid jobs.
To date, the representative of the non-attached Members has still not been appointed.
First of all, we need vigilance for the immediate resolution of the crisis in Greece and elsewhere in Europe.
Autumn is here and, because Parliament and the Council have come to a sensible arrangement on the 2010 budget, we have a solution.
But we have over 2 000 parents, brothers, mothers and sisters in Cyprus who are suffering every day as they wonder about the fate of their loved one.
Finally, for this directive to be truly effective, the Commission must monitor and supervise the coordination between the Member State of affiliation and that of treatment and ensure that any inequalities and disparities in access to cross-border care and treatment by patients are averted.
The agricultural and social components can justify keeping the programme as part of the common agricultural policy.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism has therefore decided to table this own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated in terms of substance, and of the procedures the committee might adopt in order to remain well informed throughout the course of negotiations and so that it has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the final decision and merely being able to adopt or reject it.
The Council expressed this in December 2008 when it backed the rapid introduction by the European Social Fund of supplementary measures to support employment.
Some of the details are debatable, for example, that the format of the label will be based on the a classification between A and G - like that already used for refrigerators - with the possible addition of the classifications A+, A++ and A+++: in principle, the total number of classes must be limited to seven.
Moreover, some people are still advocating the fact that, to make progress with the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership - which I would remind you is made up of three pillars: politics, economics, and society and culture - we simply need to brush aside the political difficulties in order to make headway with the economic and trade aspect.
If this is not possible it is probably because there is not enough support.
I consider that the current framework directive for nuclear safety will become a good basis for analysing the state of all reactors in the European Union, and not just of newly-constructed ones, and will be an objective base for the evaluation of their safety.
(EL) Commissioner, I am sure that you recognise the fundamental differences between the individual regions and Member States of the Union in the agricultural sector.
However, this report is a stimulus to strive for further important decisions in the areas of citizens' freedom, justice and home affairs.
Quite honestly, I think it is a very great shame for the farmers who are affected time and again by toxins in feed but are unable to do anything about it.
Of course, I will not attempt to single out the most important facts and ideas that were able to influence this great liberation movement.
Last but not least I would like to remind the House that the EU budget is not permitted to show a public deficit, which is why it is essential that it is implemented properly, and that it makes up only 2% of total public spending.
The new Energy Performance of Buildings Directive establishes a set of minimum indicators/requirements for the energy performance of new buildings so that they can achieve by 2020 an energy consumption close to zero, with a large part of the energy coming from renewable sources. This also involves applying these requirements to existing buildings.
The EU must shoulder its responsibilities as the United States has done and produce clear, binding legislation coupled with genuine sanction mechanisms in order to put an end to tax havens, which are like weapons of mass destruction for the development of poor countries.
development of a comprehensive European strategy for regions with specific geographical features;
What do they solve with these funds?
Since we are living in a world which has become increasingly dependent on the Internet, we must increase our awareness of the problem of Internet security as cybercrime is not merely virtual, but has a real impact on our lives.
The MiFID review is an important part of the Commission's agenda towards a more stable and transparent financial system working for society and the economy as a whole.
Consequently, Parliament will continue to take its duty to review the performance of the ECB very seriously.
Once again, I would like to thank all the shadow rapporteurs in particular.
These terms are reciprocity, European interest, the fight against dumping and the fight against tariff barriers.
Time is running out and it is not only with a pact for the euro that we will solve the problems.
The economic crisis has become a challenge for the whole world, but is also an opportunity to deepen and to reformulate transatlantic relations.
However, I think, Commissioner, that there is a certain difference between what you consider to be 'technical' and what we in Parliament consider to be 'technical'.
Every issue, even the tiniest one, to do with human rights or press freedom will be scrutinised here.
The proposal specifically targets the Roma population which, in Europe, accounts for 10 million people.
It is an internal signal that we are taking seriously the promise made in the 2008 climate package of 20% renewable energy and 20% energy savings.
I only hope that MEPs will learn from their mistakes and realise that it is the people of Europe who suffer if we cannot agree on these key issues.
Especially at a time of global recession, investments need to be focused on poorer countries and on the more vulnerable population groups so that they can benefit from new jobs and the conditions required for social integration.
It is up to us to now decide what happens next.
The ability to travel without needing visas in the near future will contribute to strengthening political and economic cooperation and reducing the risk of tensions in the region.
Another aspect to this question, which is quite important, is the international context of this matter, something that is really dominated by the Doha Round, which has not yet been completed.
(ET) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I think this discussion on the ENPI has in fact already pre-empted the next Commission communication on the Eastern Partnership.
Let us be able to live up to it, because these are real problems and real people, and we have to deal with them now.
We have made some progress in this regard now, but we have still not come far enough.
You could say that the payments jungle is such that the ordinary farmer, whether in the north or east of Finland, or anywhere in Europe generally, is disinclined to look into it.
We got into this crisis because the banking system was on automatic - and, in many cases, it is still on automatic.
However, the call for the President of the Commission to ask individual Members of the Commission to resign at the request of Parliament is unacceptable and senseless.
The second folly is that of my country in particular, which is perhaps the most affected by these proposals, having subjected itself to qualified majority voting in the Council on these matters to the point where we are now probably going to be impotent to resist them.
Key fisheries exports from Greenland include prawn (59%), Greenland halibut (23%), cod (9.5%), crabs (1.9%), scallops (1.4%) and spawn (1.3%).
Mutual evaluation process of the Services Directive (
Pardon me.
Mr President, Mr Wathelet, Commissioner, the axe of cutbacks is swinging through the public budgets in most of the Member States.
This may lead to an increase in the problem of street children.
Unfortunately, that was not the case and now he has suffered the same fate as his predecessor.
I believe that the confidence and the legal certainty provided by these reforms will be critical in helping the e-communications sector to contribute to Europe's economic recovery.
It is alarming that the youth unemployment rate is double the average European rate.
Commissioner, it is true that we now have to take stock of one or two things, but that does not detract from the fact that we now have to proceed fairly rapidly.
I will finish by echoing Lord Dartmouth's call: if - as was suggested today - we need to have female candidates in some of these roles, I can think of no one better than the whistle-blower who brought down the previous Commission, my South-East of England colleague Ms Andreasen.
Failure to comply with basic international social standards constitutes a form of social and environmental dumping to the detriment of European companies and workers.
For example, exporters of machineries would save EUR 450 million annually on annual duty payments while exporters of chemicals would save over EUR 150 million on duties.
China broke up these talks, accusing the Dalai Lama of being violent, causing violence and seeking independence rather than autonomy.
We will, of course, be pleased to hear your suggestions on this matter.
As we know, Belarus has made some progress but, naturally, much remains to be done.
He has committed himself to finding a solution for war-torn Afghanistan and for the spill-over effect it is having into Pakistan.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Our friends in the Tibetan Government in exile asked us to do this same thing at our hearing in the Committee on Foreign Affairs yesterday, as did the Congress of Nationalities for a Federal Iran at today's hearing: absolute sovereignty is the enemy of freedom and justice.
First, I think that the Council summit meeting brought very important and positive results, given the difficulty of the situation and the context.
As you rightly pointed out, the damage to our economy and also to consumers is considerable.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday 20 May 2010.
The result of these agreements may mean that tropical timber reaches a higher price, and that is something that we should not object to.
Some of them have not implemented it fully and some have used it merely as a convenient translator of various qualifications, occupations, skills and educational levels.
As you are aware, the roadmap continues to be put into action, with preparations for the first elections held by the government in 20 years.
Thank you for being here, Mr Van Rompuy.
China remains, by and large, the main source of unfair trade (around 35% of cases launched by the EU are against China).
It is a directive that gives context to employers' obligations and, certainly, the sanctions that must be imposed on employers who exploit workers without rights for their own benefit.
We need to end this period of defining institutional structures and to face the major issues which still prevent Europe from being able to compete on an equal footing with its international partners.
That is precisely the point that we want to discuss.
It is a great honour for me to participate in this Parliament, where we have replaced the force of arms with the force of argument.
However, a quarter of a million civilians trapped in the conflict zone need safe passage and they must be provided with humanitarian aid.
Nuclear power is a vital source of energy across Europe, with some Member States getting as much as 75% of their electricity from nuclear power, and a review of the safety of nuclear power plants should be a priority, including stress tests on existing plants.
The most impoverished regions need more support, but in return they should be more efficient.
This is an objective measure of the violation of women's reproductive rights in Poland.
The scale of migration, however, poses many challenges for the host countries.
However, we note that the EU's interpretation of human rights is a flawed one.
At the same time, I think that we need new business models which will support these industries, by leveraging the benefits offered by the single digital market.
I am pleased that the amendments which I suggested have been adopted.
Our cooperation should, however, be pragmatic - we should admit that America represents a different, but equally valid, model of democracy, and exercise moderation when giving advice about international law, the International Criminal Court or the death sentence.
The results relating to the Member States' performance should clearly improve this spring.
The progress so far, however, has been quite slow.
As a token of our solidarity, we Europeans wished to support the Taiwanese people by providing disaster relief.
If you do not do this, you will lose out in the end.
Fifth, we have specific conditions concerning meat production and storage.
In my view, it is not clear how the Tobin tax could help to prevent future financial crises without global consensus and support.
Last year, Parliament and the Council also agreed on the amendment of the Long-Term Residents Directive, which I believe will give significant momentum to further work on a common European asylum system.
Another objective will be driving on with financial market reform.
Livestock farmers have no contact with the end consumer, but deal with the processors who always have the option to import.
Those who can offer visions of hope which allow them to get inside people's minds - the Swedes have been particularly good at this in the past, and in this respect I have every confidence in my former colleague Cecilia Malmström - can also inspire their interest in socio-political matters.
The agricultural markets, too, need budgetary and general policy frameworks and rules.
European Parliament involvement in these policies must not be neglected.
Despite the fact that I am not a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, I shall continue to be involved in the amendment of legislation, especially where the intention is to bring about a radical improvement in the transport of horses.
These measures apply to four major areas: maintaining workers in employment, rapidly integrating workers back into employment, assisting the most vulnerable groups through income support, extending the period for paying unemployment benefits or increasing the family contributions and strengthening social protection and investments in social and health infrastructure.
This area had already received attention in Flanders and is now set to receive attention from all the governments of Europe.
Mr President, the border clashes between Thailand and Cambodia at the beginning of this month placed the decades-long conflict over access to the temple of Preah Vihear back in the consciousness of the international public.
When media people, newspaper publishers, come and tell us they have questions, we should discuss those questions seriously.
Commissioner, perhaps, again, in your concluding comments you might address that.
Discharge 2005: Section VIIIA, European Ombudsman (vote)
Where will the Hungarian people and, for that matter, people in other regions of Europe that are in a catastrophic situation, find work?
The Commission remains fully committed to supporting the Millennium Development Goals, the health-related Goals 4, 5 and 6 being an integral part of these goals: reduction of child mortality by two thirds, reduction of maternal mortality by three quarters, and halting and reversing the spread of HIV/AIDS.
What is more, a great many European books have already been registered with the US Copyright Office since the 1980s.
President of the Commission. - Mr President, first of all, this debate has shown the complexity of the crisis and the complexity of the answers.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Support for the rule of law and good governance must automatically be accompanied by respect for human rights, for gender equality and for protection of the most vulnerable, as minimum conditions for any type of new cooperation agreement.
The European Order for the Preservation of Assets (EOPA) and the European Order for the Disclosure of Assets (EODA) may prove to be good instruments for this requirement.
I was therefore pleased to see the broad support in Parliament, as we have already achieved a great deal: firstly, a stable food supply for the population, secondly, maintenance and preservation of the cultural landscape and, thirdly, the renewal of important resources and protection of the environment and of the flora and fauna.
There are three points I want to raise.
There are already examples of this, of limited scope at present, as the relevant report by the Director-General of the World Trade Organization, Mr Lamy, testifies.
In this regard, there are still some important issues to resolve, for example, the border controls and the EU's general access to the territories of the two breakaway provinces.
The information supplied by the Centre provides a basis for analysing the demand for drugs entering the EU and all the phenomena associated with the drug market, so as to be able to work out how best to combat these problems.
Because, if you do, they will destroy our nation's future.
Secondly, how do you view the decision taken by the Palestinian National Authority to hold presidential and legislative elections before September and Hamas's decision not to take part in these elections?
The message we are sending out today is not only directed at those who use Marco Polo.
I think that the rapporteur will be coming back to this issue shortly.
However, the European Investment Bank is right: it is a bank and it must protect its triple A rating.
Of course, we can only do what is possible for a legislative authority to do.
It is good that the EU is focussing on the Arctic region.
As early as July 1989 - as Mr Dumas will remember, as he was one of the people involved - even before the fall of the Wall, the Commission had persuaded the G7 to adopt a plan to help the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
Thank you, Mr Zapatero, too, for stressing the role of the European Parliament, a role which has grown significantly with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, and it is that cooperation between the European Council, the Council of Ministers and the European Parliament which will be the basis of future interinstitutional structure and balance in the European Union.
I am grateful for Parliament's efforts to keep the issue of transparency and openness high on the EU agenda.
As the Commissioner said, the last two years have seen improvements.
Decisions concerning certain documents: see Minutes
The complete flexibility and mobility demanded, as well as the 'bucket' prices being imposed on the labour market in the form of new working models like 'Mac-jobs', make it impossible for many people to establish a family and to achieve a reasonable work-life balance.
I also highly appreciate the outstanding role played by State Secretary András Kármán, who represented the Hungarian Presidency with such skill and determination.
The cooperation should be close, but we should, nevertheless, maintain the separate nature of these two entities.
I know that we rejected the amendment, but this is a question of principle.
Thank you very much for your speech today as well.
However, if we vote for these six texts, we will be leaving Member States no freedom to follow investment policies for stimulating growth.
That is the basis, also, for these reports.
The Commission proposals building on the de Larosière report I commissioned last October will form the basis for strengthened financial market supervision and regulation.
Above all, we express our concern about the reported practices of mental and physical manipulation and severe human rights violations within the cult.
It is now a good two or three years ago, in 2005 and 2006, that a delegation from the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs visited various refugee centres.
Such should also be our response in this case, when the might of an authoritarian state has been unleashed against the Uighur minority.
However, in so far as it relates to me it is unfair, as this duty, the Eurovignette, is adding to the costs of countries that are a long distance from the centre of the market.
They are finding it difficult to cope with competition from third countries as the latter do not comply with the high standards which local producers comply with, and they are always victims of the European Union's commercial negotiations.
We in Europe have quite a substantial excise tax on tobacco products, but as I know from the experience of dealing with the Philip Morris agreement and the Japan Tobacco agreement, this involves largely the same corporations, which are our main producers of tobacco.
My third point concerns the cooperation with the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague.
These are closely interrelated topics, for the Union's strategy for economic growth and employment is related to these issues.
First, I would like to say how pleased I am that the European Union has seen the potential for significant energy savings in the way that buildings are operated.
These include, firstly, introducing a management company passport; secondly, facilitating cross-border mergers of funds, in order to reduce the number of funds provided in the European Union and thus resolve the imbalance that can currently be seen between Europe and, in particular, the United States; thirdly, providing the possibility of master-feeder structures, in other words the option of investing one fund in another master fund and having that master fund manage the investments; fourthly, developing a short - only two pages long - information document, known as the key investor information, containing the most important information for small investors; fifthly, simplifying the notification procedure in order to ensure that, when a fund requests authorisation in a country where it is not yet authorised, this does not de facto result in a new re-authorisation; and, finally, strengthening supervisory cooperation.
I voted for the European Parliament Resolution on priorities for the 2011 budget - Section III - Commission, thereby confirming that it must be the priority of political leaders in the European Union and Member States to preserve existing jobs and create other new ones which will allow European citizens to make a decent living.
2.
The introduction of this plan will make it possible to remove the management of anchovy from the political negotiation in December of each year, placing it on course to achieve the objectives for the management of European resources in the long term, thereby guaranteeing sustainability and maximum yield.
I believe that, based on the Third Energy Package, the unexpected proposals from the European Commission on providing new content for the gas supply security directive and the projects for connecting gas transmission networks supported by the Economic Recovery Plan, by the end of 2009, the European Union will be ready to counter any possible disruptions to supplies, thanks to more material resources and greater solidarity.
In order to make this decision we need a large number of partners, in particular cities.
Europe is sleep-walking towards disaster.
This includes one minority we are reluctant to discuss in this Parliament, namely the non-citizens in some states of the European Union.
The people there are governing themselves and they have played into the hands of a few large interested parties, but they have not made any progress.
The report is in favour of approving the conclusion of this agreement on visa exemption as soon as possible, in order that all EU citizens, including citizens of Estonia, Latvia, Malta and Cyprus, can travel to Brazil for tourism and business purposes, just as Brazilian citizens can already travel without a visa to all EU Member States.
Just as your resolution adopted on Belarus after the 28 September elections helped us to move forward, we hope that we can continue to receive your support during our term.
As Mr Deva has already pointed out, it infringes UN Resolution 1244.
The European Union intervened promptly in Chile but it needs to collaborate with local authorities to identify needs and to coordinate aid effectively.
I am in favour of the Commission monitoring national budgets before they are submitted to the Member States' parliaments.
Is this European justice?
The credibility of NATO and of what we call the West also depends to a large extent on the results in Afghanistan.
Without the euro, the Irish economy would be in hell at the moment.
We are dealing with something quite different here: displaying a crucifix is not just a matter of faith in our culture, but something much more important, something with a universal value.
It is a pity it did not happen two years ago, when Georgia became the object of Russian military intervention.
In this framework too, we are looking for common ground on human rights.
In my view, these countries have, in the past, failed to make important reforms, for which they are now paying the price.
I am pleased to see that the Union has supported the United Nations' strategy, particularly in the case of humanitarian policy and conflict resolution.
This report analyses the EU-Brazil visa waiver agreement for holders of diplomatic, service and official passports.
It is therefore important that this be taken into consideration as part of this topic, and that, above all, equal working conditions be established for equal work.
The common market is one of the greatest achievements of the European Union, and I would like to express my thanks for the positive reactions to the proposals which I have included in my report.
Their roles are defined and different, but in any case, there is a risk of duplication in some areas.
Composition of political groups: see Minutes
The new European Heritage Label may be helpful in just this respect.
This may require better organisation of work, the redeployment of existing resources to focus on priorities or reduced levels of bureaucracy.
We are an institution that permanently employs more than 100 engineers, plus a number of specialist consultants, which is rare for a bank.
In view of this and the statement by the EP President to the effect that freedom of movement is perhaps the aspect of the EU most appreciated by Europeans, what position does the Commission intend to adopt with regard to Denmark following its recent decision to reintroduce border controls?
It was not all a failure and if it were, I do not think 67% of the Irish people would have voted in favour of the Treaty of Lisbon last October.
A major drawback, however, is the long list of exclusions, including photovoltaic panels.
The Roma live in most of our Member States in extreme poverty.
Even if Parliament and the Commission had agreed on the same text, we would still have a battle to fight.
As our President has said, an agreement has not been reached because the Council's proposal has always been to move backwards, back beyond the 19th century, making employment law merely a bilateral relationship between the worker and the employer, without laws or regulations, without anything to respect beyond so-called 'free choice', forgetting that there is always an imbalance of power between the worker and the employer.
The priorities of the Spanish Presidency for the effective application of the reactionary 'Lisbon Treaty' and to promote the continuation of the anti-grassroots Lisbon Strategy with the EU-2020 strategy, strengthen the CDSP, and strike at democratic rights and freedoms under the Stockholm Programme are the priorities of the plutocracy.
For example, the withdrawal of milk quotas and the abolition of the set-aside scheme have been unsuccessful decisions as far as less favourable regions are concerned.
Lying to the cameras may well be Mr Berlusconi's means of political survival in Italy.
I am pleased with the exemption of the requirement to provide information for contracts that involve 'day-to-day transactions and in which the trader has to deliver the good or provide the service immediately when the contract is concluded', as this avoids an unreasonable administrative burden.
As regards practical results, I should also like to commend the agreement finally reached during the Belgian Presidency in the field of transport on the Eurovignette dossier.
EU support for cross-border cooperation in Ireland must be retained.
There is growing international recognition of the inadequacy of GDP as an indicator of social progress, social inclusion, environmental sustainability and resource efficiency.
I should like to extend my special thanks to the European Parliament for approving funding for this pilot programme.
Moreover, the decisions taken at the summits and the financing of measures solely by the Member States highlight the escalation in imperialist infighting, which leads to a policy of 'every man for himself'.
We would have liked to have seen the EU leading the way and stopping all payments of export subsidies by 2013 at the latest - irrespective of the actions of the other WTO trade partners.
You have addressed a number of aspects, such as transparency; what I missed in your speech was a reference to recent agreements in the framework of the G20, concerning the fight against tax havens and so-called 'non-cooperative jurisdictions'.
Disturbing the chemical weapons lying at the bottom of the Baltic by building any kind of infrastructure could result in environmental disaster, and particularly the disturbance of chemical weapons from World War II during construction of the Baltic gas pipeline is one of the greatest threats to the ecosystem.
What position are you going to adopt concerning the growing anti-Western and anti-European trends in the Islamic world?
However, in order to achieve significant progress, we need more engagement from the international community.
The report concerns a transfer in payments for mobilising the EU Solidarity Fund for floods in 2011 in Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania.
I should point out that the country's economic situation is deeply affected.
(PL) Mr President, in view of the difficulties concerning visa procedures, it is essential that they be simplified, including by reducing the costs borne by the applicant.
Today, Haiti needs 80% of its export earnings to pay for its imported agricultural produce.
We are not asking whether Mr Sarkozy or Mrs Merkel are visiting a better or worse restaurant or purchasing a better or worse briefcase, or buying the clothes of this or that firm, but we are asking how they handle the public resources of taxpayers, and we are fully entitled to do this, and they are wholly obliged to provide this information.
Support for the Special Court for Sierra Leone
Instead, the current version of the package gives one the impression that it has come about mainly as a result of the pressure exerted by the credit rating agencies on the euro states of southern Europe.
Citizens are looking with a negative eye on developments, which do not promise to be pleasing and satisfactory.
3.
To do so would be to open Pandora's box.
in writing. - (PT) The anti-social programme of the Swedish Presidency of the Council of the European Union represents a dangerous step forward in the expansion of neoliberal policies.
Finally, I ask the Commission to defend the interests of European producers in all trade negotiations, in order not to endanger the production of the livestock sector.
For my part, my choice is very clear: I will be voting for a better Europe and a better European economy.
I would like to thank the rapporteurs for their work.
In Greece, the fires devastated an area of approximately 21 200 hectares, destroying around 2 million trees and at least 150 houses.
In this same context, we also talk about resolving the issue of copyright, funding the cultural and creative industries, artists' mobility or the release of cultural productions.
Documents received: see Minutes
However, whether the referendum would comply with democratic standards was also an important question.
Firstly, reference has been made very frequently in this Chamber to stimulation of the economy by means of additional budgetary expenditure.
US-EC Agreement on the promotion, provision and use of GALILEO and GPS satellite-based navigation systems (
How are we going to measure whether the influx is high, not high or high enough when it is all over?
If people in any of our Member States wish to hunt, they can still continue to hunt.
Furthermore, the document we approved today also encourages the introduction of origin marking, which would facilitate consumer choice and contribute to reducing fraudulent or misleading claims of origin.
How much money has been paid out on these grounds?
If it could, we would be in danger of ending up with an indicator that gives nothing more than a distorted, partial and therefore one-sided view.
This means not just Europe, but also the United States, as well as others.
The budget includes the additional EUR 20 million that Parliament wanted to be allocated to the Baltic Sea Strategy, which is gratifying.
It exacerbates social inequalities and results in cuts in public investment, it increases unemployment and it undermines countries' growth prospects.
It is a great pleasure to see that we have succeeded in putting together this joint resolution and I hope that it will be adopted in this House tomorrow.
I also support the European Union's efforts to start the process of modernising the economies of these countries and, therefore, to help the population.
I want to move to the USA and get into the EU via Martinique'.
It is therefore necessary for fishery and aquaculture products that are imported by the European Union to fulfil the same environmental, social, health and quality standards as those imposed on EU products.
The risk of social marginalisation and permanent exclusion is very great, which is something that, as Liberals, we cannot accept.
This does not only mean its own citizens, but also its reliance on the contribution of thousands and thousands or even millions of citizens of third countries who pass through the European territory, who reside here, and who come here for long or short periods in order to work and to study.
At present, as many as 90% of new jobs are created in the services sector.
I cannot help but feel that Israel believes that upheaval in a number of Arab countries gives it more breathing space.
Just think of the money and energy wasted by our businesses because there is no single procedure for the 27.
The proposed amendment to Regulation (EC) No 460/2004 which established the ENISA (European Network and Information Security Agency) and its duration, can only have my absolute support.
I observed that at Deauville, the German Chancellor and the French President even announced in anticipation a reform of the treaties, without having had any kind of discussion with Mr Van Rompuy, so as to punish all those States which failed to respect budgetary discipline in the future.
Aggression, the unlawful use of force against another state, was prosecuted by the Nuremberg and Tokyo Tribunals at the end of the Second World War, and I find it hard to understand why the ICC should not be used to prosecute the war crimes of the 21st century.
With Pervenche Berès's report, the European Parliament has just adopted a coherent strategy proposal to lift Europe out of the recession and to address the latter's financial, economic and social repercussions.
Member States should also ensure that policies, as well as budgets, are aligned with EU 2020 targets, especially with regards to objectives such as tackling unemployment and social inclusion.
The whole of last weekend was filled with misinformation on debt restructuring and Greece's exit from the euro: rumours spread by those who have wagered billions on a default they are trying to create in the first place.
I come from what has become a divided country; in the west, in Voralberg and a bit beyond, we are happy about the open borders, while in the east, you can see that we have gone too far too fast with Schengen.
Here, I want to emphasise in particular the role which can be played by financing the small and medium-sized enterprise sector.
Social Europe must offer European citizens jobs and a decent living, its young people high quality education and the prospect of integration into the labour market, and its pensioners a decent living and high quality healthcare services.
In fact, if you allow me, this same amendment and exactly the same proposal from my group would apply to one amendment in almost every report we need to vote on.
That is why we need a clear decision-making process.
In this letter, the European Union put forward a non-paper with principles of international law relevant to the fight against terrorism.
It left much to be desired and we hope that it will not be repeated.
Therefore, I support the idea of standards and the idea of a directive.
Europe 2020 is a project for growth and employment and we need concrete projects, we need the instruments, we need the procedure, we need mechanisms for sanctions, so that this can be successfully implemented.
The incentives for compliance with the preventive and corrective dimensions of the Stability and Growth Pact need to be made stronger.
(PT) Mr President, Mr Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, I, alongside my colleagues from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, voted for this report in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Above all, any new system for financing the budget should not increase the burden on national treasuries or the tax burden for citizens.
It should be admitted that the European Union has a lot of ground to make up in the area of communication, and indeed especially in the area of dialogue with citizens.
4.
We have obtained the Council's assurance that it is willing to cooperate during establishment of the Financial Framework for 2014-2020, which will be a practical fulfilment of the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon.
This appalling regime came unexpectedly to an end when the dictator died in December last year.
I am keen to stress that in this regard, Parliament considers it essential to be involved at every stage of the decision-making process in order to guarantee democratic scrutiny, and this is why we believe that the Commission should notify Parliament in advance of how it will actually use these new powers conferred under Article 186 for the milk sector as well.
In future, compliance with the Maastricht criteria will be enforced by imposing much tougher penalties.
For this reason, the Lithuanian authorities should amend the law, or repeal it, and should refrain from adopting the amendments to the penal and administrative codes, so as to ensure that laws are compatible with human rights and fundamental freedoms as enshrined in international and European law.
This means that the criteria are key; they will determine whether Turkey can proceed to accession.
The crisis has caused a major decline in economic activity, huge job losses and a considerable deterioration in public finances.
In light of this, we Danish Social Democrats are unable to support the final report on the EU's agricultural aid after 2013.'
However, this model guarantees a secure supply of high quality food.
China (debate)
This was due to take place on 3 November, but was again postponed, following international petitions for which there were 270 000 online signatures, and interventions from various authorities around the world, especially from the French President, Mr Sarkozy, who made a personal intervention.
The agreement provides for the establishment of a committee of experts to settle disputes that may arise from the interpretation or application of its provisions.
Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is an animal health issue for the European livestock sector, covering dairy, beef, pig and poultry meat, eggs, and sheep and goat milk and meat production.
I would also like to say something about what Mr Howitt has said.
Given that plans are less detailed, we propose setting up a tight reporting system in which the Greek authorities will report on a quarterly basis on measures implemented, results achieved and measures to be implemented.
The Commission simply does not know what it is doing and should stay well clear.
All that matters is to get something out, even if it addresses the matter from only one perspective.
The situation in Laos is not much better.
If some European Union economies return to prosperity, it will not be thanks to the European Union or to its rules on VAT.
I was questioning you on the responsibility we have as industrialised countries to behave in such a way that developing countries can follow us in our efforts to combat climate change.
I also believe that the exchange of knowledge within regional groups can be facilitated by the Structural Funds as well because European policies are consistently targeted at sustainable development, offering tangible results at regional level.
At a time when there are no watertight compartments between countries, we need to listen very carefully to the uproar of events.
The role of the Ombudsman is very important as it helps to bring the public closer to the European institutions.
As four years have passed since Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 came into force, and as the Commission has already announced the tabling of proposals relating to the Multiannual Financial Framework for the post-2013 period, there is a need for a brief analysis of the results achieved since then and of future means of development.
The Members are keen to have the service attached to the European Commission and part of the overall community budget.
The European institutions in general, and the European Parliament in particular, need to restore confidence among the citizens.
in writing. - (PT) Georgia has faced serious problems recently, particularly after the military conflict between the country and Russia due to the separatist regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Above all, they are entitled to have their data in the electronic communications space protected.
Moreover, and most importantly, Commissioner, try as you might to tell us that we are not questioning South Korea's environmental and climate policy, that is not true.
Madam President, I would like to welcome this report and congratulate Mr Schwab on its development.
Therefore, I think that enlargement made it possible for the new Member States to cope with these disparities better inside the Union, for the profit of all Members of the Union.
I believe that this principle was never questioned by you, even during your time as President.
Mr President, I would like to thank all the speakers for their comments.
I personally take the view that the behaviour of my colleague is deplorable, and that any case of - or even sign of - corruption is totally unacceptable.
The report seeks to ensure that funding is increased at least in line with inflation for critical social policy expenditure at this time of rising unemployment.
Madam President, Russia has proclaimed a modernisation programme and some observers are speaking about a new perestroika.
Throughout Europe, there is a need for renovation and modernisation of tramways, in central Europe, in the south, in Latin America, everywhere in fact.
(SL) I am very much in favour of keeping the agenda unchanged.
I therefore support the invitation addressed to the Commission to submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council on any new labelling requirements within two years of implementing the new regulation.
While, in some areas, workplaces often lack people with the right qualifications or skills, elsewhere, highly qualified people struggle to find a job due to a lack of appropriate workplaces.
I welcome the revision adopted today, which extends the scope of the directive to other products, but without prejudging substances as important as PVC.
Since we were the ones that gave ourselves so many airs and graces as leaders, if we cannot put this money and these measures on the table, we will not succeed in obtaining a deal and most of the responsibility will lie with Europeans.
Like the rapporteur, however, I cannot fail to point out that the final budget adopted by the Administrative Board in April 2008 proved to be highly unrealistic, as is illustrated by commitment and payment appropriations take-up rates of 1% and 17% respectively.
I should like, from a strategic point of view, to hear if the Presidency thinks this is a good move.
Obviously, we have a lot of work to do to educate adults about the dangers for children.
This is necessary in order for us to be able to be as effective as possible.
Thus, in my opinion, it would appear in this matter that socialisation of the means of production alone can resolve the problem and bring about real cohesion on our continent.
Written explanations of vote
This approach will allow us to achieve our intended objective.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, we have had a very long and useful debate, and the Presidency is grateful to all the Members of this House for their comments.
I think that we should continue down this path, and that this will also be crucial in the coming days and weeks, both in Cancún and at the climate change conference itself.
The Commission has sought to rise effectively to the challenge posed by the economic and financial crisis and, at the same time, it wanted to take advantage of this interactive discussion with the Member States and the European Parliament to respond to the calls for simplification of these procedures and these policies.
Experience shows that we receive over two times more requests to speak than we can accept in view of the time available.
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council: see Minutes
Furthermore, the ineffective transposition or even no transposition at all of this directive into Member States' national legislations has resulted in a number of abuses involving administrative formalities and the restrictive interpretation of the legislative provisions on the idea of 'residing without authorisation', culminating in the unfair detention and expulsion of European citizens.
Unfortunately, in spite of all the efforts, eventually, 12 Member States asked in December for closer cooperation to begin and, as has already been mentioned, their number has now increased to 25.
I am glad that Parliament is stating its views on the current EU-Canada trade negotiations and outlining its priorities in this regard.
It also clarifies what assistance should be provided to persons in danger at sea and where to disembark persons that are rescued.
We have, as Members, challenged the operational and cost implications of the compulsory electronic identification, and the disastrous consequences for an industry already in serious decline.
"How do you know that it belonged to your brother or your father?” he asked in reply.
The European Union needs to strive for radical changes in the World Trade Organisation and to work more closely with the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) so as to return to cooperation systems that include variable customs duties at the border.
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 was the first reaction to the financial crisis and already deals with the most pressing issues, subjecting CRAs to oversight and regulation.
(DA) Mr President, we have spent the entire morning talking about how incredibly important it is to create quality healthcare and provide adequate safeguards for citizens with this proposal.
I also think that with this and with our debate today, and what I believe will be a positive decision in March, we are sending very clear signals to all those who are betting against the euro.
I had to make these clarifications, and I have done so at the end of my speech.
This can and should be investigated.
That is the challenge facing us.
It reaffirms its ambiguity, concealing the fact that in Palestine there is a coloniser and a colonised, an aggressor and a victim, an oppressor and an oppressed, an exploiter and an exploited, and covering up Israel's responsibilities.
14.
The vote will take place on Thursday 23 June 2011.
Our fundamental task is to help all asylum seekers, to safeguard their basic human rights, and to ensure that high quality European standards are applied in considering their applications.
It is a poor foundation if we are unable to enforce these rights in Member States.
For this reason, I would like to emphasise that I am happy to hear that you recognise our right of discharge and our budgetary rights, but would ask you to help ensure that we can exercise these rights in practice.
Better information must be produced on children's rights and schooling.
I would like just to draw your attention to the serious crisis which has hit Europe, and to say that an internal market which functions well is the key to a healthy economy, and is now certainly the key to the work of rebuilding which awaits us in the near future.
We must support them in all kinds of ways: legally, medically, socially and in communities and financially, and we should possibly also compensate them.
Only a system with clear rules is able to tell them about the social and environmental conditions of manufacturing, protect them from health risks and, finally, help them make informed decisions.
On 21 October, the Commission adopted two other important texts: one on the Qualification Directive and the other on the Directive on asylum procedures.
I voted in favour of this resolution because, while recognising the principle of subsidiarity and the competence of the Member States in this area, I think the European Union should make its own contribution by encouraging dialogue among the various actors on solidarity between generations.
That is an important piece of legislation.
EC-Panama Agreement on certain aspects of air services (vote)
I cannot understand why you are trying to act like a bigger Catholic than the Pope - I am not sure whether I can say that to a Finn but, there, I have said it anyway!
In particular, I would stress the specific nature of the regions of the Azores and Madeira, and I welcome the main measures adopted.
The post of High Representative is a product of the Lisbon Treaty.
At present it is influenced especially by the rapid and changing development of the global economy, as well as growing competition.
This is highly problematic, and not only for consumers; it is actually just as important for the enterprises that comply with our internal market rules.
In these unsettled times, illegal labour cannot be tolerated, and we must start with those that are within reach locally and where sanctions will also have an effect.
There are also two underlying aspirations: the first is to start working towards a common energy policy sooner rather than later, just as, in the past, we equipped ourselves with a common agricultural policy because we needed it.
A fair bilingual education system will contribute towards better cooperation and understanding, especially if Tibetans learn Chinese and Han Chinese people living in Tibetan areas are, at the same time, encouraged to learn Tibetan.
We should not be frightened of it, because, if we are frightened of it, there is something wrong.
I really hope that the Commission takes note of this important message from our report and takes action to realise it.
(RO) For well over eight years, our countries have been wasting human lives, energy and huge financial resources in a country ravaged by war where two empires, the British and Soviet empires, had already been bogged down.
Our guarantees will ensure that disconnections from the internet will apply to real criminals such as terrorists or distributors of child pornography and not to ordinary users.
Insolvency proceedings in the context of EU company law (
I voted for the report on the new Multiannual Financial Framework because it introduces the option of applying a financial transaction tax at European level.
And that puts the ball back in the United States' court.
It would require the introduction of an international tax and distribution system with no democratic control and with the clear risk of all kinds of corruption.
The social models of some European countries could also serve as a good example to developing countries.
On the other hand, the EU allocates funds for the development of the sectoral fisheries policy in the Comoros.
I therefore voted against the Interim Agreement.
But let us recall that there has been no Lehman Brothers catastrophe on European soil, and we have to make sure that there will not be.
The LTTE is now in a desperate end game and, typically in such situations, is turning to international apologists to get it off the hook.
The text asks for an implementation proposal from the Commission five years after the adoption, which is a long period during which nothing can be done in practice as there is no funding provided.
If you do not want the Treaty to be revised, take the bull by the horns and introduce stronger cooperation for the euro area in order to manage the problems and the responsibilities of the Member States of that zone, rather than letting it float as and where the markets take it.
Mr President, there is only one message the European Parliament can send to the government of Belarus, namely, that its repression of the democratic opposition and policy of threats against a minority are simply unacceptable.
These services are already being used.
Last week I made contact several times with Thailand after it had announced its plans to return these people.
After all, flooding of the world's markets with cheap Chinese imports is easy if the currency is artificially undervalued.
However, the budget authority last year approved 10 financial contributions from the EGF amounting, in total, to EUR 52 349 000, which represents just 10.5% of the maximum annual sum that can be used from this fund.
I should like to say something positive about it for once.
Since we have respect for democracy, we should respect the vote of the Irish people.
In this respect, the Commission has put forward a package of proposals, some elements of which could be improved, however, for example guaranteeing functional independence for the national surveillance authorities and enhancing the involvement of all parties.
in writing. - Contrary to our position (I voted in favour), the qualified majority was not reached, and so the resolution to reject the Commission proposal and follow the advice of Parliament's legal services has fallen.
The next item is the report by Luis de Grandes Pascual, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2005/35/EC on ship-source pollution and on the introduction of penalties for infringements - C6-0142/2008 -.
The integrated maritime policy must support European shipping, which is unrivalled in the world, so that it can play a leading role at international level.
It should not be forgotten that around 7.3 million people in Europe suffer from Alzheimer's disease or from a similar disease; this figure is expected to double by 2020.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
In this context, future tests must be much more precise in terms of providing information.
I think that priority must be given, as far as possible and in the child's interests, to adoption in the child's country of origin, with possible alternative solutions including finding a foster family, personal or residential care or finding a family through the international adoption procedure, in keeping with the relevant national legislation and international conventions. Indeed, placing the child in an institution ought to be used simply as a temporary solution.
The crisis that we are experiencing is an opportunity to revise and improve things that have gone wrong in the past.
This morning we adopted the Gál report.
(NL) Mr President, it is a positive thing that the European Parliament is getting a certain amount of say over the European External Action Service.
Given the well-known sceptical opinion of the Czech President Václav Klaus on climate change, how is the Council ensuring that the views of the vast majority of EU Member States and citizens endorsing the scientific veracity of man-made climate change are being respected, specifically in relation to preparations for the Copenhagen Climate Summit and the forthcoming Swedish Presidency?
I have been dealing over the last number of months, indeed even this week, with residual cases from individual constituents who have been affected by this particular crisis.
rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to clarify a few things.
Welcome to our guests.
I would like to make some additional remarks about four specific areas.
The Turkish Cypriots are protesting against the economic adversity imposed on them by the Turkish occupation, against the presence of colonisers who alter the demographic of the population, and are causing them to disappear, and against the onslaught of Islam, with hundreds of mosques being built and religious teachers being sent by Erdoğan to occupied Cyprus, and they are fighting for survival under the flag of the Republic of Cyprus.
And what has happened as a result?
- Report: Coelho
Thirdly, we wanted staff of the new service not to be just professional diplomats from Member States, but also staff who have worked in a wide range of situations in the external world, with a background in development, commerce and security.
This is, of course, a very important economic contribution.
Europe's leadership on this crucial issue for the future must result in an agreement being reached, but not an agreement at any price, in other words, not one that falls short of its objectives, that has no financial resources, controls or constraints.
Therefore, I wish to add my voice to all the calls for these to be simplified, and, at all events, improved.
Please feel free to read these sections again, as they are very clear.
However, I must point out that this resolution has also become a soup, to which a skilled cook has attempted to add - or rather, has added - very different ingredients.
I will not enter into a debate, but the rapporteur has just said something that does not correspond to what is going to be put to the vote.
Internally, Europe has the task of implementing the energy and climate package and investing in clean technologies, scientific research and energy efficiency.
If the citizens' initiative experiment is successful, as I hope it will be, it is very possible that afterwards, we will be able to make further progress along the path towards direct influence.
This reminds me of the situation 20 years ago in Eastern Europe: while the Western governments were prepared for a long-term accommodation and pragmatic coexistence with the Soviet totalitarian system, suddenly millions of hostages of the Communist regime became active: they challenged the system, which was brought to a sudden end.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I would like to thank the Parliament for this - I was going to use the word 'timely' - discussion but given that a soccer game is going on at this precise moment, it may not be as fortunate as we would have hoped.
That will be one of the first things: we will try to get people together in the Cartagena Group and work there with them, as well as working with a lot of others.
Τhe next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
Under Article 77(2)(a) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and pursuant to secondary legislation published on this legal basis, namely Council Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 of 15 March 2001 (as amended) determining the list of third countries whose nationals must be in possession of visas when crossing the external borders and those whose nationals are exempt from that requirement, Member States are bound to apply a uniform visa policy and reciprocity.
This is why I support this resolution, with an immediate request for Member States to reinforce their national legislations and policies on combating all forms of violence against women.
This year Parliament voted to change a double partsession in the autumn to make it a weeklong sitting in Strasbourg.
The EU's rural areas are extremely diverse.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your attention.
I believe that it should be our duty to increase this financial resource.
4.
Neither should it be the goal of our employment policy to make new self-employed entrepreneurs out of former employees and the non-self-employed workforce purely for business reasons.
Finally again, since we are all of one mind on this: I hope that you will strengthen your efforts to free Mr Shalit, so that this problem can finally be resolved.
Employers have reduced employment or have employed temporary workers, offering them inferior financial terms.
What particularly disturbs me, however, is that we are once again dealing with a report here that explicitly makes reference to the Treaty of Lisbon, a treaty that was rendered void by the referendum in Ireland.
The Union for Europe of the Nations Group has requested that a Commission statement on the earthquake in the Italian region of Abruzzo be inserted into the agenda.
I would urge the Commission to involve as many partners in these discussions as possible, not only at Member State level, but also at other levels of government right across the EU so that, for example, cyber security is an important issue for regional and local governments as well.
The disregard for women has reached peak levels when a German judge refers to the husband's right of procreation as a decisive factor in her judgment in a Muslim divorce case.
The Commission, meanwhile, will be responsible for pre-selection after hearing from a panel of experts, but it will also assume a monitoring role, will assess the effectiveness of the management of the sites every six years, and may also withdraw the label.
Moreover, those that do exist have commercial timetables, which are totally incompatible with parliamentary activity.
The Stockholm Programme completely fails to address the real challenges of the present day.
However, the report also contains wordings that I find difficult to support, including the proposal to appoint a special EU representative with the responsibility to 'ensure visibility and leadership on children's rights'.
Yet it appears that the EUR 2.7 billion requested from several EU Member States to keep their companies open is simply to be used in the context of general aid to keep the European plants, the European activities, going.
The last point I would like to make in relation to ESA, apart from to endorse the report of Mr Caspary - with some of the amendments which have been tabled - is to mention the situation of the Chagos Archipelago.
Can he also tell me that no further progress can be made regarding Croatia's accession unless the ICTY is satisfied that there is full cooperation over evidence and witnesses regarding the Croatian invitees?
Opening of the sitting
Thank you for your question, because it gives me the opportunity to explain myself.
As we will all remember, although the European response in providing aid to the people of Haiti was swift and on a large scale, it highlighted a number of critical problems in the management, coordination and visibility of the operation, which are down to the mechanics of the current system, which is based on voluntary and ad hoc contributions subject to different national decision-making processes.
Our tradition and civilisation draws most extensively of all on its Christian roots, and there are more Christians among us than adherents of any other religion.
If I could welcome the answer given so far by the Commissioner but also ask him to make sure that human rights in this field are kept in mind at all times.
I agree with such option recommended by the Committee on Legal Affairs.
On the other hand, the document revealed certain deficiencies. For this reason it was decided that it should be revised.
For this reason, in order that we may start cooperation between civilian and military forces, we need to honour individuals who participate in organisations like the Hungarian Guard.
To prevent a repeat of such a crisis requires a fundamental revision of the financial regulatory framework and this must include a stronger capital framework for banks.
This should include a thorough analysis of the markets, including the advertising markets, and of the habits of the population, like the average time spent watching TV, distribution of the printed press and levels of literacy, etc. We would notice certain spectacular differences in those factors in Italy compared to many other Member States.
What type of institutions are these which can decide on the fate of entire nations?
That is not easy, because Middle Eastern culture is based on different values.
It has been challenging because it involved the carrying out of several large-scale projects, such as the setting-up of 'points of single contact' and the review and simplification of legislation relating to services.
The scrapping of this symbolic euro on the altar of national self-interests and budgetary austerity illustrates Europe's moral and political failure.
Secondly, although the Council maintains that 'the points from Parliament's resolution have been fully taken into account', in fact, some of the points have not been included, in particular the right to take legal action, the deletion of data and some others.
This should also apply to the documents with which the European institutions are provided by the Member States.
On this issue, I believe it is important that Parliament, as on other issues, should be seen to be taking the right decisions on our own budget.
Active inclusion of people excluded from the labour market (
I intend to ensure that the Commission is forced to table a proposal to improve the situation with regard to violence against women.
Mr President, first of all, I congratulate Mr Belder on his excellent report.
In this process, they abolished the former parity-based media supervisory body, and set up in its place one consisting of delegates of the government party.
All of the multilateral initiatives connected with the Eastern Partnership - democracy, stability, economic integration, energy security and contacts between people - are undoubtedly useful, both for the EU and for the six neighbouring states.
It is driven by greater liberalisation; moving the market into new areas; labour market flexibility; and unrivalled attacks on wages and social rights.
During these times of crisis, it is important for us to defend the values on which our union is based and to protect the weak members of our society.
All EU countries and an encouragingly ever-increasing number of other states have signed up to the ILO conventions on the minimum age for employment and on the elimination of the worst forms of child labour.
Written Statements (Rule 142)
The aim of the convention is to ensure the long-term preservation and maximum use of the fisheries resources of the North-East Atlantic, in the interests of society, sustainability and the environment.
Mr Kelly, from a strictly legal point of view, the Treaty of Lisbon brings with it a change, in that it deems tourism to be a third-level competence of the Community, in other words, the Community may act to supplement the activities of the Member States but cannot put forward any harmonising legislation in this field.
Industrialised countries and emerging countries with more advanced economies should be subject to comparable efforts.
This recast regulation is essentially about bans and restrictions on the production, import, export, placing on the market, use, recovery, recycling, reclamation and destruction of these ozone-depleting substances.
That aside, in terms of the political conflict, we shall leave that to the UN and we urge both parties to resume negotiations.
Firstly, as you have indicated, it is a win-win deal for Korea and for the European Union economies.
In other words, it is promoting investment in health.
I would hate to see the provisions adopted in June to regulate US finance - the statements made about these exaggerate their real impact - being used as a legal basis for not applying the provisions which might be introduced by bodies outside the United States.
Indeed, the European Commission will shortly publish its proposals with a view to updating and therefore improving this policy.
However, I believe today's discussion has made it clear that we also need a different agricultural structure in Europe.
In order to succeed in this, we must first introduce regular monitoring of the impact of those organisations which receive European funding.
As long as the Kremlin assumes that worries about the fate of human rights defenders remain on the level of declarations, with no consequences on economic relations, Mr Putin and Mr Medvedev can conclude that the EU has not been able to draw lessons from the blatant murder of Anna Politkovskaya.
Underpinned by the need to involve Parliament throughout the process, it is also necessary to draw attention, even if only in general terms, to aspects such as the terms under which information is provided or the stages at which it should be made available.
Thirdly, there is the question of amending the current framework legislation on health and safety at work - Directive 89/391/EEC - and on combating discrimination - Directive 2000/78/EC.
By providing statistical data, the EU will be in a better position to help the tourism industry, including SMEs, and to improve the overall marketing of Europe as a highly desirable tourist destination.
(RO) The protection of personal data is one of the fundamental rights of European citizens.
We will not allow human rights to become a plaything for populist scaremongering.
(LV) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I have a question.
(EL) Mr President, although the conclusion of a trade agreement with Mercosur will be to the mutual benefit of both sides, it will have massive repercussions on the agricultural sector.
Articles report that fund managers are betting on a fall in the euro, Greek Government and other bonds and on debt and deficit, thereby exacerbating borrowing.
France and Germany have done so, for example, and the Commission presented its economic forecasts today, which show that in the second half of the year, the European Union will come out of the recession.
It became clear over the course of the year that there were serious problems in the dairy sector, for instance, which were not a consequence of the general economic crisis.
One should also take into account that this is the first of an original nature and the true European added value should be presented via that kind of a programme.
Mr President, first of all, I should like to thank the rapporteurs for the work they have done on the budget.
The situation in the Gaza Strip can no longer be tolerated.
And we have negotiated a special clause that would enable us to limit duty drawback efficiently.
Therefore, they must be guaranteed the same minimum rights and be treated in the same way in the labour market.
I would encourage you to wait for the results of the impact assessment before taking any firm position on the introduction of a financial transaction tax at EU level.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my thanks once again for your cooperation and for your responsible attitude to this issue.
The preliminary results of the referendum in the 10 southern states were announced on 30 January and showed an overwhelming majority (99.5%) in favour of secession.
in writing. - The situation in Syria, Bahrain and Yemen is an unpredictable ongoing process and not a bloody but unstoppable march toward democracy.
I would like to say a few words about visa liberalisation in the countries of the Western Balkans, mainly about the problems that have arisen in connection with Serbia and Macedonia.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to discuss not the legal basis but the basis for survival.
Of course, these are too limited and at far too low a level.
The military coup d'état of March 2009, however, saw the former mayor of the capital city install himself in the presidential palace, which had already been occupied by the army that supported him.
I am very grateful to her for mentioning the importance of the energy mix and the responsibility of the Member States, which will then decide themselves what they want.
Finally, we would like to emphasise that these requirements do not go beyond the competence bestowed on Parliament by the Treaty of Lisbon.
It is necessary to introduce regulation and oversight at national and international level which will solve the problem of speculation in agricultural markets (dealing with food commodity derivatives restricted as far as possible to investors directly linked with agricultural production).
Investments in agriculture will also ensure that the European Union can provide the basic necessities for itself in terms of food and biofuels.
the intention to adopt the Treaty of Lisbon, now by means of deception, which involves passing off exactly the same thing, which has already been rejected by the Irish people, as something different;
As in any other democratic country, the positions taken by the Turkish parties reflect the wishes of the electorate.
The EU budget should provide the highest level of European added value (EAV), should demonstrate robust management, and should serve to stimulate public and private resources as much as possible.
Annual report on monitoring the application of EU law (2009) (
As such, the Commission has made specific undertakings in the aim of strengthening the cohesion of European policies.
I would like to conclude by sharing with you my concern that Bulgarian citizens will be deprived of instruments promoting European solidarity and they will undeservingly pay for the mistakes of their government.
(DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, what I feel is missing from this debate is the necessary distinction between national transposition in the Member States and the task that exists at European level.
According to SRE Consulting's report, the majority of cyanide compounds currently used on an industrial scale are used for the purposes of the chemical industry and the surface treatment of metals.
The situation is such that legislative action needs to be taken now rather than after the upcoming EU-Canada Trade Summit in May and subsequent bilateral trade negotiations.
What is economic governance?
This mechanism will help to overcome the resistance of financial entities to this type of project, as they will have the backing of international financial institutions.
Mr Barrot has proposed the creation of three commissioner posts: fundamental rights, home affairs and security, with asylum and immigration being separate.
Finally, Mr President, the report before us is based on our European heritage - Article 15 of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen of the great French Revolution of 1789: 'Society has the right to ask a public official for an accounting of his administration.'.
This is also the time to expose the real humanitarian tragedy that is being forced upon the Sahrawi people, who are obliged to live far from their homeland in refugee camps, and to call for the urgent strengthening of international humanitarian aid.
All these matters are systematically raised by the EU, most recently at the meeting between ministers from the EU troika and Turkey that took place in Stockholm in July and in the Association Council in May.
Something needs to be done about this.
Beijing +15 - UN Platform for Action for Gender Equality (debate)
in writing. - I voted in favour of this report because it sends a strong signal to the next Parliament that the issue of illegal logging and deforestation must be dealt with more effectively.
UKIP will continue to defend the interests of British farmers against EU interference, as we feel the British agricultural sector is perfectly capable of running its own affairs, and already has high standards of both quality and safety.
Is it wise for this Parliament to start telling people what to eat, rather than providing them with information of what they are eating?
(The President cut off the speaker)
Licensing procedures, as the report emphasises, are far too complicated, and it calls for the introduction of a one-stop shop for the clearance of rights.
As well as ensuring more effective intervention, a great deal of work must be done in the area of active and passive prevention.
Ladies and gentlemen, what is it that we need to do today?
We are fighting corruption.
I would also like to express my sincere thanks to the negotiating partners from the Belgian Presidency.
We will emerge from the crisis not by pinpointing scapegoats (Europe, the International Monetary Fund and others), but by rolling up our sleeves - and when I say 'us', I am of course talking about the political class, but also about all of the 500 million European citizens.
Membership of committees and delegations: see Minutes
I believe most of the speeches expressed a high level of agreement and consensus on the guidelines that have just been set out by the Presidents of the two banks, at this time of crisis but also of opportunity.
Unfortunately, however, many states have implemented it late and often incorrectly, in a bid to apply the principles of economic nationalism, and the Commission turns a blind eye to this.
This is why I support cooperation between Member States aimed at the safe storage of nuclear waste.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in critical situations, Europe has always found a way out of a crisis.
In my view, it does not.
Why should Uganda's parliamentarians choose to throw all that goodwill away?
in writing. - I voted in favour of the report on the impact of advertising on consumer behaviour because I am in agreement with the rapporteur that, in the digital era, advertising has taken on a new dimension which necessitates - as the rapporteur has recommended - the implementation of an EU website labelling system modelled on the European Privacy Seal, certifying a site's compliance with the data protection laws.
We plan to have a meeting of national parliaments and national parliamentarians to discuss this proposal.
Among other things, such a change calls for: recognition of education as a right, not as a service or just another market sector; democratisation of access to knowledge and culture; valuing of work and workers' rights; protection of productive sectors and of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises; quality public services for all; and a fairer distribution of wealth.
Member States have also demonstrated a strong political desire to implement the Small Business Act: for example, they have made the 'SME test' part of national decision-making procedures, and small and medium-sized enterprises were amongst the main beneficiaries of the measures adopted by Member States in the context of the European recovery programme to deal with the crisis.
Parliament initially presented a very strongly united front in maintaining its position.
Europe must actively involve itself here.
It is due, above all, to the fact that we now have ownerless capitalism.
I, for one, no longer can.
There are Member States where victim protection is well organised and reachable for everyone, like in Spain, and there are Member States where it is almost a non-issue.
There is a piece of old and practical wisdom which says 'better' is the enemy of 'good enough'.
Our vote against reflects this missed opportunity and the rendezvous clause that will follow.
We must strengthen the fight against illegal immigration by introducing various types of sanctions against the employers of these illegal immigrants at European level.
By 2050, this will need to be reduced to 1 or 2 tonnes of carbon.
The Commission should report on the results of the reassessment of the project timeline.
It accepts the integration of agriculture into the World Trade Organisation (WTO), although it does propose measures to mitigate this inclusion; for our part, we maintain that agriculture should remain outside the WTO.
People do not exist to serve economic forces.
Furthermore we believe that for the proposed Citizens Initiative to be meaningful, the Commission should be under a legally binding obligation to produce a White Paper outlining a response to the proposal, or the Treaty basis for not taking action.
The implementation of policies and programmes agreed by the EU institutions is assured, against the will of the Council, which is proposing swingeing and arbitrary cuts in both payment and commitment appropriations that are not in accordance with financial and budgetary management.
I would also like to say something to you, Commissioner: it is true that there are some Member States that will and others that will not be able to give this aid, and that, according to you, this will create disparity.
Wednesday
in writing. - (RO) Against the backdrop of climate change, green vehicles offer an effective way of reducing carbon emissions.
To Mr Schmidt, I would like to say that I really do share your enormous concern and frustration that this situation is continuing year after year and that there is no possibility of getting through to the Eritrean authorities.
The impact differs from one geographical area to another, but it is a cross-border impact and needs to be addressed with Europe's assistance.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, nearly 10 million Europeans suffer today from dementia, with Alzheimer's the most common form.
- (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to congratulate the Czech Presidency.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank all those who have taken part in today's constructive debate.
Why, though, did I want to raise this subject again, now that the vote is over?
- Motion for a resolution
My group hopes that the European External Action Service will do its utmost to ensure that the judicial system and rule of law prevail.
We express our solidarity with the peaceful actions of Chinese citizens in favour of democratic reforms and the safeguarding of human rights, to which the Chinese Government has committed itself.
At the forthcoming European Council summit, decisions will probably be made concerning the form of the permanent anti-crisis mechanism which is to safeguard the financial stability of the euro area after 2013, and the process of making changes to the founding treaties will begin.
I wish you all the best, though, and I hope that the Heads of State or Government do not leave you hanging as they did at your first formal European Council.
There would be a risk there of unfair competition.
For we have to say whether progress was made in the world last year in terms of respect for human rights.
I am expecting to see these reflected in the Commission's future activities.
The priority areas are well known: food security, access to water and healthcare, and literacy.
The fact that this compromise has received the unanimous approval of all the parliamentary delegations is proof that it is a terrific agreement and one which has placed the rights of the consumer at the very heart of the new telecommunications package.
At the moment, we know that eight people have died, among them two pregnant women and a twelve year-old boy, more than 250 have been injured and 80% of houses are affected.
Member of the Commission. - As I said at the beginning of my speech, one of the best tools for fighting child pornography and child sex abuse is the swift adoption of the Commission proposal of March 2010, the one against child sex abuse.
Therefore, despite the fact that no conclusion was possible by the end of 2008, the Council remains fully committed to the multilateral trade system, as well as to the conclusion of an ambitious, balanced and comprehensive outcome of the WTO Doha Round.
First and foremost, new safety features are to be applied to the packaging and the monitoring of distribution channels is to be improved.
This report is essentially about a practice that somehow always ends up in the shadows of reports, but which, on the other hand, safeguards jobs and, in my opinion, must be regulated throughout Europe.
From now on, I would like the delegation to start singing from a new hymn sheet and to sustain relations of assistance, support and debate with the exiled representatives of the opposition, not least Mrs Myriam Rajavi, who typifies this situation.
Banks are not being placed under any obligation.
For example, it is essential to guarantee freedom of expression and of information on this new medium, while ensuring at the same time that respect is shown for other fundamental freedoms, such as the protection of people's private lives and of personal data, and for intellectual property.
Further to this, there remain innumerable structural problems and irregularities relating to the College that are detailed in the report.
We very much welcome this decision.
However, on the basis of our experience of the financial crisis, we believe that a clear objective for the tax on financial transactions is still lacking.
Some analysts even mention a figure of a third of total consumption.
I think it is something of great wonder to many of us how one country will accept people from Chechnya as refugees with quite a high acceptance rate, whereas another country close by will not accept anybody from Chechnya.
Trade offers a way out of the economic crisis.
However, simply calling for action is too vague.
The number of Alzheimer's cases worldwide is predicted to grow from 35 million today to 107 million cases in 2050.
Now we are about to enter stages 3 and 4.
In 2000, it was agreed that a new partnership agreement would be drawn up by the end of 2007.
I am pleased to note that the directive gives patients the right to choose the place where healthcare will be provided, thereby strengthening the common market, which is the main subject of my work in the European Parliament.
The macro-economic performance of that Baltic state aside, in accordance with the standards required by the EU, greater convergence must be achieved among the euro area countries, not least to increase the capacity for action on the part of the institutions, which safeguard its stability and value.
It is regrettable that Moldova has now rejected the EU's offer of mediation in the Transnistrian conflict.
It is becoming clear that a mechanism for providing assistance to these companies needs to be adopted, all the more so as this crisis caused by the eruption of the volcano in Iceland may be protracted.
There is a chance that these measures will stabilise the internal situation and prevent a humanitarian disaster, which inevitably threatens this Eastern African country with a population of ten million.
Let us analyse all the political and electoral processes in recent months.
It is indeed logical that everything should be thrown open, but the time is not yet right, in my view.
However, we do not have to rend our garments.
European integration began with free trade.
5.
This arrangement could, in the final analysis, be reflected in the retail price of medicines sold to the public.
Copenhagen should also help to change the global energy paradigm by supporting renewable energy and energy conservation.
In view of the fact that the European Union and the US represent half of the global economy, one very important topic will be the economy.
In the beginning, there was an automatic tacit division of labour between the Council of Europe, responsible for matters concerning individual freedoms, and the embryonic single market that was the European Community.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the focus until now has been on the cohesion fund and this is certainly justified because of the size of the budget.
Instead, I am speaking as an MEP on behalf of myself and of my people.
We should like to add the following phrase to this paragraph, which concerns the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague:
Mr Barroso, I have just one brief question.
Today, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on EU-Japan trade relations.
However, this report by Mrs Keller sometimes has a tendency to be either excessive or vague in its wording.
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament has supported this comprehensive horizontal directive.
Having a common, stronger voice in our foreign policy is certainly a good thing, but it cannot diminish the importance of the foreign policy of the Member States themselves, or its flexibility or independence.
I shall vote against.
Even though it was difficult, it was complicated, we have managed to reach a political consensus in seven months since the new treaty came into force, which is, I think, a remarkable achievement.
This conflict must be resolved in a manner that is favourable for both Turkey and Cyprus.
Justified doubts and shortcomings have been brought to light concerning his trial.
Moreover, it is still not clear whether the Treaty of Lisbon will be re-examined - which would be desirable - and what the situation is with regard to Croatia's accession.
To the banks, I say: we cannot give weight to your protestations while your aggregates are cloaked in secrecy and you stamp 'Confidential' on everything.
I believe that there are basically three problems, which I would like to mention, and which have been drawn to your attention and, above all, to the attention of the Commission in our report.
Calling the events in Srebrenica the biggest post-war crime and the proposal to recognise a day to commemorate it in the Member States of the EU, while there are still serious questions as to what actually happened there, is a gross misrepresentation of history, because in fact, the biggest post-war crime to date in Europe has been the slaughter of the people of Yugoslavia by the American and European imperialists.
I consider this sort of thing counterproductive because it runs counter to the political decisions made by the political bodies.
It would have looked strange if we had not succeeded in achieving a broad compromise with regard to these reports.
First of all, as the Commissioner has proposed, the stress test should be conducted in all openness, in all transparency, whilst, at the same time, steps should be taken to ensure that it covers as broad a range of plants as possible.
Opportune and critical analyses are made of DCI and the EU's development cooperation policy, which we consider fair and necessary.
We also called for information to be provided on the particular issues that the lobbyists were concerned with.
The climate and energy package aims to increase the competitiveness of EU industry in a world where there are ever more restrictions on carbon emissions.
However, I think that it is necessary to make changes to the systems in Member States in order to eliminate or at least significantly limit this shameful situation.
It suffers slightly from a lack of ambition, I feel: we would have liked the Commission to set out a definition and clear objectives rather than making very open remarks on the subject.
My group would be happy with that.
Various concrete recommendations to this effect may be found in Parliament's joint resolution.
I voted for this report as I believe that the proposal will, once it has been adopted, ensure a high level of safety for transportable pressure equipment and its users. Its proper implementation at Member State level will also provide increased protection for the environment and citizens' health.
I wonder whether bluefin tuna or whale will be on the menu served up by our hosts.
This debate is not clear cut; it encourages us to develop our thinking with regard to corporate governance and to reconcile the two debates.
I am sincerely grateful to this House and the Members who participated in the debate.
To the distinguished Member of this Parliament who comes from Ireland and asked a question suggesting that the problems of Ireland were created by Europe, let me say: the problems of Ireland were created by irresponsible financial behaviour by some Irish institutions and by the lack of supervision in the Irish market.
In that respect, although I am in favour of internal market regulation, I believe that the exceptional nature of the crisis justifies exceptional countermeasures.
Could there still be production methods that are unacceptable?
In other words, we have to understand that at the moment, a broad consensus in Hungary has highlighted the needs of a people, and in order to avoid those needs turning into nationalism, it must be supported by a strong Europe that recognises everyone's rights and duties.
Yesterday was International Women's Day.
In my opinion, the fundamental preconditions for achieving the overall objectives of cohesion policy are sound financial discipline and, above all, transparency in the allocation of funds.
Research and development will be crucial to the future of the car industry and that applies not only to Opel, but to all vehicle manufactures throughout Europe.
Only then will Europe's help in dealing with the crisis create a vision and hope among our fellow citizens.
On the other hand, we must call for this treaty to also respect certain basic, fundamental principles of coexistence inspired by respect for the rules.
As for agriculture, this is a balanced position.
Now that this period has passed, it is time to assess what state we are now in, who has transposed the legislation and who has not, and under what conditions.
The control of the EU's external borders must be a joint effort, because it is a joint challenge.
If we have a common border, it is logical that asylum seekers should receive equal treatment throughout the European Union.
I call on all parties to show flexibility, solidarity, and muster the courage to compromise if needed.
However, with regard to the issues raised by Mr Romagnoli concerning the airports in the city of Rome, I can say that, as usual, checks are always performed by the European Commission.
Coercive measures are not enough to reduce crime and organised crime.
The second aspect is linked to the long-term effects that this catastrophe will trigger.
We want, today, to have a partner which respects principles which, for us, are fundamental.
That is why I voted in favour of Mr Fjellner's report, which requires that an objective description for patients' use be included on the packaging of medicines.
Of course we want the period extended to 20 weeks, because we believe that this is the only way this work can be accommodated.
We must urgently set up a consistent European system for statistical recording - it has been said more than once - with particular reference to minors, trafficking, physical and sexual violence, and women in vulnerable categories, such as immigrants.
The European Parliament and the Council have committed to making a decision as quickly as possible, as soon as these criteria are all confirmed to have been fulfilled.
I also found important the fact that it pays particular attention to the mobility of students, academics, researchers and businessmen by ensuring that sufficient resources are available and by strengthening existing scholarship programmes.
Without doubt, the crisis has shown the need to identify measures within the framework of this policy and the need to strengthen the energy sector as part of the Eastern Partnership.
It is important that the Member States of the European Union present a unified standpoint at that meeting and that they reaffirm all three pillars of the Treaty: non-proliferation of nuclear weapons, disarmament and cooperation on the civilian uses of nuclear energy.
One sentence by way of conclusion: from time to time, it is certainly worth looking back at the road we have covered, but we also have to see clearly where we are headed.
You are still at the table - the Member States are not quite going it alone.
The report prepares us for the new powers we get on trade policy, where we now have full assent along with the Council on all trade matters, and our new powers in terms of agriculture and fishing, where we now have codecision.
Explanation of vote: on 23 November 2010, the Swedish Conservatives voted in favour of the report on civil law, commercial law, family law and private international law aspects of the Action Plan implementing the Stockholm Programme.
That concludes the item.
The directive ensures the free movement of such equipment within the Union, including its placing on the market, by establishing common norms for the design, construction and subsequent checks.
I welcome the Commission's proposal to open negotiations on the renewal of the protocol between the EU and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania.
It is essential to develop e-commerce and transnational trade, simplify online payment procedures, standardise products and services, and harmonise fiscal instruments, so as to reinforce consumer confidence and boost the economy.
Secondly, it is wrong to cite the Irish as an example.
Again, I am aware of the problems with the legal basis.
Amendment 33, which would have given the fund the ability to purchase bonds on the secondary markets, was withdrawn.
The European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS) has been designed with the intention to have interoperability of railways.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, all the shadow rapporteurs and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs for this work.
Nonetheless, it is a step in the right direction.
If my own political group had been responsible for drafting this report, our approach would undoubtedly have been very different to that followed by Mr Arlacchi, although I am grateful for the passion with which he has followed the Afghanistan file for so long.
EU support for democracy building is incredibly important.
In order to have a coherent position, the EU should make an assessment of the impact of introducing such a tax.
The debate is closed.
This pilot project addresses early childhood education, self-employment through micro credits and public awareness.
But this can only be decided at the national level because the support - apart from the European Investment Bank mentioned by Mr Verheugen - can only be provided by national taxpayers.
In fact, there is a risk of similar episodes occurring in Europe, too.
(ES) Mr President, Mr Maystadt, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I should like to congratulate Mr Cutaş for his excellent report.
I refer, of course, to the Commission, and also to financial actors in the Member States whose obligations and responsibilities under shared management have been clearly reinforced under the new Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
There is therefore the same danger as we see in Tibet and that is that if China does not enter into agreements with the moderates, there are always young radicals who cannot and do not want to wait any longer.
This puts the issue of the independence and of the accuracy of the EFSA's assessments back on the table.
The same applies to the development of new drugs.
I have voted against the report by Luís Queiró on the future of general and business aviation.
I myself have tried, with the Safer Internet Programme, to do something else in this respect.
In particular, I am in favour of placing in all future trade agreements a ban on child labour.
My conclusion is this: we all have a responsibility to promote this initiative.
Approval of the minutes: see Minutes
Instead of trying to understand this clear vote for what it is, namely an unambiguous message by the Kurds that a solution must be found within the system, an attempt is being made to repress this political success, and with police brutality, if necessary.
The directive will not change the definition as such, but our aim is to achieve the greatest possible degree of legal certainty.
(DE) Mr President, the drama surrounding the European Union is turning into a tragedy.
Moreover, the Commission indicates that one of the Observatory's most valuable assets is its ability to set up and oversee scientific partner networks.
At the same time, the GCC member states have become the economic powerhouse of the whole Middle East-North Africa region and are now the main investors in the EU's southern Mediterranean neighbourhood area.
We should not panic about State aid and any other measures to help the air transport sector.
In fact, the Commission focused its attention on the responsibility of Member States in setting prices, without considering the specific point made by the petition, which was to report irregular imports of tomatoes and other vegetables from Morocco.
Let us use our trade relations to denounce the religious persecution and the blasphemy legislation in Pakistan.
However, information must be provided to passengers during their whole itinerary, including about all the companies which they are using to make this trip.
In many cases, the solutions for adapting tractors to the new engines are not yet available or final.
No changes have been made to their substance on which Parliament, in particular, would be required to express an opinion.
This energy supply crisis, the most serious to date, may be the final wake-up call for Member States: we need to take steps to reduce our energy dependency.
The Trüpel report on the 2011 budget is a new stage in the European Parliament's budget adoption procedure.
The Czech Prime Minister's criticism of the US policy of increasing the money supply is justified from every point of view.
Iceland is naturally subject to scrutiny by the EU, and I would like to say that it is coping with it better than many current Member States would have done if they had been subject to as rigorous scrutiny as we are now subjecting Iceland to.
Well-managed migration involves both creating opportunities for people to lawfully enter the European Union and being able to send back those who do not fulfil the conditions for entry to, and presence in, the territory or who have no grounds for asylum.
It is also very important to organise followup for this report.
Today, beneath the calm, there are deep tensions and fears that the violence may return again.
In the face of this extremely worrying situation, the European Union should put in place an integrated, comprehensive strategy to combine its development and security policies.
It is counterproductive simply to increase demand in order to bring production back on song.
In order not only for national minorities but also for everyone belonging to what are effectively minority EU nations to feel truly at home in Europe, European legislation must create a legal framework with comprehensive legal norms for the protection of minorities.
During this Presidency, regional ministers, too, will be presiding over Council configurations, such as environment, sport, education and regional policy, and I hope that this will give an impetus to the necessary, enhanced, multi-level governance of the EU.
There is something in it for all of us as each of us lives within networks of broader or narrower family and social relationships, in which we are personally involved.
Is caring about future human beings a European value - or not?
I also think that, if we fail in this, it will affect our food chain and our lives, and we will end up paying a high price for it.
If our embarrassing experience with the GM food and feed authorisations and rate of progress thereon are anything to go by, the answer must be 'no'.
We will also learn lessons from how that reform, which gave greater negotiating powers to producers within producer organisations, was applied.
I would at the same time like to draw attention to the fact that there are contradictions surrounding the final list of the investments receiving financing.
The Hungarian Fidesz delegation abstained from final voting on this law because so far, Hungary has been able to transpose legislation correctly, there were no problems, and by using the opportunities provided by Schengen, we were able to provide this more efficiently.
Schengen is a European symbol and is the perfect combination of freedom to travel, open borders and security.
I want to establish an effective, pan-European instrument that achieves the objective of simplifying the direct payment system.
I should first and foremost like to thank the three rapporteurs for the way in which they have taken the opinions of the liberal shadow rapporteurs into consideration when writing their reports.
Hungary has taken on its Presidency at a time that is certainly not easy, and the programme you have presented to us is certainly full of major challenges.
I urge Parliament to support the Giannakou report with great courage and optimism for the future of post-national democracy.
At the same time, we must also create the conditions to ensure that developing countries can participate alongside us in this global effort.
Six months for cabotage and the 12-day rule should suffice.
Commitment to education should not be seen as a cost, but rather as an investment in the future.
I am, however, confident that we will come to a positive conclusion.
The point about dialogue is that it is not a monologue: you have to listen to what the citizens of Europe say.
This resolution also speaks of human rights dialogues between the EU and China, and however optimistic we would like to be, the end result is that they have hardly been of any benefit.
I have in mind the US-South Africa Summit, your visit to Zimbabwe at the end of this week, and the emergency assistance provided in recent days for the 100 000 victims of the floods in West Africa.
In daily meetings with Member State experts, the Commission has coordinated assessment measures: the establishment of common case definitions, case reporting, patient questionnaires, sharing perspectives on treatment, and hygiene advice to the public are some of the outputs we have achieved in a very short time span.
A more flexible EU market, with reasonable authorisation safeguards in health care, is a win-win situation both for the general public and also for the national health budgets of the Member States.
Although the European Council is very ambitious in this matter, I would nevertheless call on you to ensure even more active participation by the European Parliament, national parliaments and various Council sectors.
The harmonisation of value-added tax and the corporate tax base that we are now discussing will also give a boost to the internal market.
The actual infrastructure was in a bad state and it was used very little.
The publication of all judgments and the unification of jurisprudence should be priorities in order to ensure public trust and a predictable judicial system.
Mr President, Mrs Sinclaire and I represent a region of the United Kingdom whose citizens depend on the Single Market for their jobs and for their future.
Citizens' interests are best protected when EU institutions are fully involved in the decision-making process and the general good takes precedence over the interests.....
National memory programmes play a significant role in the spread of knowledge and best practices and in reducing the number of actions that overlap with one another.
That is why I think that the only thing that we should call for is a study at legal level into the multiple problems which arise from the use of the Internet.
It abuses valid concern for health protection in an attempt to transfer invalid authority in the field of health policy and of work and social issues to a European level.
In its resolution on implementation of the guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States, the European Parliament asked the European Council 'not to make employment issues secondary concerns when examining the Commission's recommendation in the Annual Growth Survey to make rigorous fiscal consolidation the first priority for the 2011-2012 period'.
Indeed, in order to ensure that this derogation, which should allow for the creation of jobs and wealth, is of genuine benefit to local populations and does not harm the European fishery product processing and canning industries, it was vital to provide for an assessment of its impact as soon as possible and to allow for its suspension, where necessary.
The scoreboards clearly show which markets are not sufficiently meeting the needs of consumers.
Commissioner, as regards social innovation, there is an immense wasteland, which I urge you to explore using the ESF with, no doubt, in this case, somewhat different cofinancing deals.
The report proposes more money for new areas of activity based on the Treaty of Lisbon.
Once we have that, we can proceed very quickly.
Perhaps, though, it is worth remembering and acknowledging that for 30 years the EU and the West have supported Mubarak.
Its provisions, and those of its additional protocols, contribute to reducing the suffering of combatants and civilian populations in areas of conflict.
the report by Mr Dehaene, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the impact of the Treaty of Lisbon on the development of the institutional balance of the European Union,
For example, in the Czech Republic, it is well known among professionals, but only 7% of registered entrepreneurs know anything about the service.
The assessments carried out show that both Romania and Bulgaria have proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
Of them all, the people in the most difficult situation were those who arrived without any papers or documents at all.
Mr President, I look forward to the accession of Croatia to the European Union, particularly as an Irish MEP.
On a more serious note, Einstein said that if the bee population died out, man himself would die out within four years.
The generous subsidy system continues to lay itself open to fraud and irregularities.
The key points have been described by our rapporteur, Mrs Patrão Neves, to whom we, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), express our gratitude for the work she has done, for the summary she has been able to present and for everything she has been able to outline.
Choosing the right way forward in the area of contract law can make a significant contribution to improving the functioning of the Internal Market and opening up its full potential for businesses, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises, and consumers.
If I were to open a single one-kilo pot here and now, spread it over the benches and paint it out, we would, in fact, somewhat exceed the safe limit throughout this exceedingly large chamber.
Equally, the critical attitude to EU taxation has nothing to do with an apparent 'lack of solidarity'.
The Hungarian Agricultural Academy is an important venue for discussing the future of CAP in Hungary;
Economic reconstruction and realisation of the objectives of environmental policy are included in agricultural policy.
Whatever the nature of the change may be, however, it is very important to make the sustainability of pensions, stability, and a dignified old age the top priorities.
Mere declarations of intent are of little help.
We are therefore calling for their right to free movement to be respected.
Through this measure, Europe can really give a hand to many small businesses that are permanently strangled by bank loans due to the crisis and may already be sailing through stormy waters due to unpaid receivables that are late in arriving.
Migration to the second generation Schengen Information System (SIS II) (
I am not saying that it fully supports the new paradigm, but it at least contains the seeds of a new paradigm, in particular, in paragraph 2, which states: 'Believes that there is an urgent need for radical policy reform to address the systemic causes of the food and financial crisis by putting in place new democratic, transparent regulations for international trade as well as for the international financial system'.
In closing, I would like to say that I find it very regrettable that the Czech Presidency has not deemed it worth the effort to send a representative to Parliament for this important legislative proposal.
One of the region's leaders told me: 'Please tell Europe's leaders to be more strongly involved, because if this involvement achieves success, it will be a political success of the kind for which the Nobel Peace Prize is awarded'.
Though it may at times have faults, it has brought a different life to my people in Northern Ireland: they have found a better life, they have experienced that better life, and I want to see them continue with that better life.
We have seen the introduction of denied boarding compensation - although we know there are still issues to resolve with that.
Bureaucracy is a serious impediment for farmers, who neglect their daily activities in the fields because they waste a great deal of time on red tape.
The high level of cooperation between countries may, in this regard, help towards greater effectiveness in the fight against crime.
We have failed to pay for it in the price we pay for our goods.
Verification of credentials: see Minutes
Dynamic development of regional cooperation in Europe is often hampered by problems related to a lack of knowledge of the language and culture of neighbouring countries and regions, and a lack of ability to communicate fully.
This will help make life easier for domestic consumers, while at the same time reducing energy bills, boosting efficient energy use throughout the energy chain, as well as verifying compliance with current energy efficiency legislation.
According to the latest estimates, citizens, and thereby taxpayers, lose up to EUR 100 billion every year, perhaps even more.
I also find it very hard to understand how many of those who talk about simplification are the very ones who are most resistant to changing the current CAP architecture.
We have made proposals for the future of the battle groups.
Otherwise, we will be forced to feel ashamed when we face the next generation.
This also means that the VAT-based own resources should be abolished and, most importantly, that there must be no EU tax, regardless of its form, while the EU is not a truly representative democracy.
I will leave aside for the moment the question of whether the strategy which the People's Republic of China is pursuing in Africa is one that we would regard as a fair partnership with the continent.
There should be an increased focus on young people, who are always at the forefront of new technologies, which is why programmes are required that are specifically targeted at them, including via the Internet.
This is particularly true of the statement that the financial sector must take a fair share of the burden of economic recovery and development, given that up until it now it has been the real economy of taxpayers, consumers, public services and society in general which has had to pay a substantial part of the costs and consequences of the financial crisis.
the oral question to the Council on preventing trafficking in human beings, by Anna Hedh and Edit Bauer, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality - B7-0341/2009), and
The Commission should take the necessary steps towards a progressive replacement of all existing agreements on investment with new agreements that should provide for the best possible level of protection.
They are to be involved in implementing, applying and developing the Schengen acquis.
I think the Simpson report will be particularly popular due to the notion of tourism satellite accounts, namely, the adoption of pilot projects that will make it possible to assess the economic impact on individual sectors of the economy, in other words, aspects relating to same-day visits, the evaluation report to be drawn up every five years and the possibility, indeed the necessity, of a five-yearly report to assess the effects of statistics.
Let us establish a broad inter-faith dialogue under the auspices of the EU.
Mr President, I would like to ask Mrs Trautmann to answer a question for me.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: see Minutes
This is because the Slovak Government provides the Hungarian minority with education in the mother tongue at more than 700 schools, while the Hungarian Government allows the Slovaks in Hungary just one single elementary school.
The new legal framework which reflects the changes to the Ombudsman's status and the entry into force of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), which adds the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) and the European Council's activities to the Ombudsman's mandate, have not been detrimental to the pace of work.
It was an emergency, we had to face it with common sense and we have tried to help.
Mr Weber, I listened to your speech, and none of the arguments you used seemed to me to have any intellectual basis.
The sanctions must help to enforce the will of the people of Côte d'Ivoire.
Any shareholdings I have ever had have always been declared in the declaration of interests, and they have never stopped me from criticising some wind-power projects.
One thing is certain: we can expect a year of much fighting if they continue on this path.
Protection of public figures remains the responsibility of the hosting state, in accordance with the legal provisions in force in that country.
Where there are two peoples, there must be two States.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am grateful to the Commissioner for having sought to point out that the Committee on Petitions has given an active role to this Parliament, so as to demonstrate that those who speak here, and the political groups that they represent, have every interest in dealing with this situation responsibly, in making all the procedures transparent and in involving the public in a dialogue that gives everyone a sense of responsibility.
(PL) The subject of toy safety arouses very great interest, especially during the pre-Christmas period, when we are thinking about which toys to buy for the youngest among us.
Listening to the debate today, sometimes my impressions recalled what a certain teacher once told me: anything that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.
I hope that the President of the United States, Barack Obama, will show that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize, because combating climate change will contribute to peace and happiness for all nations.
Small is beautiful.
We hope that this confusion will be resolved in the next few days and that gas, as promised, will flow once more.
(PL) Madam President, Commissioners, in this debate I would like to draw attention to three questions.
(FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on Women's Day, you perhaps failed to notice that in the report by your group member, Mrs Nedelcheva, abortion was not a taboo subject, it was addressed, and it was debated and voted on democratically.
Madam President, I should like to propose an oral amendment to the Greens.
For too long, companies, especially in my region of the South East of England, have been targeted by this unscrupulous practice.
People of a certain age remember what it was that what was once called Nationalist China represented for decades: it was a banner of freedom.
Extending the Data Retention Directive to huge volumes of personal and content-related data such as Internet searches for different key words in different languages, content uploaded, messages exchanged and the elements necessary to identify all users would have to withstand a necessity and proportionality case which has not yet been made.
How does the Council envisage coordinated European action alleviating the burden on patients, their families and their carers?
We know that the Commission is due to review the mutual recognition directive in 2011.
2009 progress report on Turkey
Since that time, it has first of all become clear to us that the US is far more open to these reservations and to finding constructive solutions to the European reservations than we had previously thought.
The new counter-insurgency policy must be given time to show results, there should be a political solution and negotiations with all sides should take place.
It will clearly require a further strengthening of the internal market.
Does this not infringe citizens' rights to privacy and can people have faith in the protection of their data?
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, as always in Europe we are living through important historic events, and the six months of the Czech Presidency is certain to number among these.
I am pleased that the European Commission too has started to realise these obstacles. The proposals to amend regulations include, particularly during the current economic crisis, such provisions for simplifying the regulations for using these funds.
The EU's External Action budget is tiny compared to its other items of expenditure.
Food prices have now risen sharply, which has made the situation even worse for many people.
In future, any contract which is concluded outside a company's business premises will be subject to a whole raft of regulations and rights of withdrawal, even if the consumer, as Mr Obermayr has just mentioned, has asked an electrician, decorator, painter or carpenter and so on to come into his house.
Combating this phenomenon, however, requires more than soldiers and mercenaries.
The rights of women and the rights of ethnic and religious minorities have been shoved to one side and the death penalty is often carried out in public, in the cruellest of manners, as a means of suppressing non-conformist behaviour.
(NL) Madam President, I have voted against the Kovács report, because this whole report is permeated with victim thinking and because I take the view that a minority group such as the Roma gypsies would actually be much better served by a strategy that would encourage them to take more responsibility for their fate.
(FR) Mr President, multilingual teaching, polyglot teachers addressing each child in his or her mother tongue, foreign teachers recruited especially for them, respect for and even promotion of cultures of origin by schools, minimum knowledge of the language of the host country, without this even being considered as really obligatory: this type of recipe does not lead to the integration of migrants.
Ankara must accelerate reforms, more determinedly seek compromise on the Cyprus problem and take further steps on reconciliation with Armenia.
Evidence of this can be seen, in particular, in your decision to award this year's Sakharov Prize to human rights defenders in Russia.
It is therefore crucial that concrete commitments and realistic objectives are adopted.
This will help guarantee that the identity of the tourism service provider can be recognised and, by extension, there will be a clear assumption of responsibility for the information and services provided.
This month, there will be an immediate economic priority: the publication of the stress tests.
The option of the accelerated procedure and the border procedure should be restricted by applying charges.
And that, of course, includes the need for consistent testing methods.
These catastrophic floods have affected around 500 000 people in various ways and have caused hundreds of millions of euro of damage.
I would also like to thank all those whose hard work on these directives has contributed to today's success.
The rapporteur is in favour.
Firstly, I can tell you that the Community dimension is important in this issue, because the Union for the Mediterranean project is based on the Barcelona process and has also inherited the acquis of the Barcelona process. All the acquis is there then.
Closure of the sitting
After 30 years of free market fundamentalism, the global economy is facing the worst crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s.
The budget needs to be at the service of policies that are distinct from those that led to 23 million people losing their jobs and put 85 million at the risk of poverty.
In view of the fact that a compromise has been achieved in both the Council and the ENVI committee, of which this report constitutes a part, I have voted for its adoption.
Today, however, this dreadful communist system has collapsed and the Warsaw Pact has been dissolved.
We welcome the rejection of the proposal from the European Commission, presided over by Mr Durão Barroso, which aimed to exclude 'self-employed' road transport workers from the directive on the organisation of the working time of persons performing mobile road transport activities, as a result of our proposal to reject the Commission proposal.
Many lies have been told - and I use the word 'lies' guardedly with regard to what we are trying to do here.
I would like to thank her very much at this point for all her preparatory work and her support.
There is a short-term, transitory system in place for withdrawals until November 2012, allowing multilateral interchange fees of up to 8.8% for cross-border transactions.
The Court of Auditors judged that the Agency's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
These people were incarcerated solely as a result of their beliefs and should be released immediately.
The unusual reactions which we have seen in Italy are a warning.
In order to secure economic recovery and better living conditions for our citizens, a complex and ambitious approach is required, fostering innovation and the development of new jobs and businesses in the framework of 'green' technologies.
A number of Member States remain to be convinced.
If the EU really wants to spend further millions, they should be spent on border protection or on benefiting indigenous families.
In a way, a spectre is haunting Europe 2020: that of the Lisbon Strategy.
This is absolutely appropriate, but it has been brought to my attention at the last minute that this could be construed as saying that if such health professionals were involved in any traffic offences, for example, then Member States would have a responsibility to share information about that.
In 2011, we plan to launch some specific projects to support women's networks in crisis-affected countries, with an estimated budget of EUR 2 million.
Although this report - and I must thank the former rapporteur, Mr Thaler, for the balance and objectivity he showed in drafting it - concludes that the situation in Macedonia has improved in a number of respects, I believe that starting negotiations will be a solution which will help speed up the reforms, create a democratic framework and a real opportunity for this country to become a European Union Member State.
You have struck the right balance and it is an intelligent one.
I believe that this is what the Dess report does.
In practical terms, three major objectives were achieved: the new strategic concept was adopted, a new approach to Afghanistan was devised, not to mention the fact that new impetus was given to relations with the Russian Federation.
Others could start up.
Many say that nowadays, the most important comparative advantage of these countries is no longer cheap labour but cheap energy.
The constitution of a Member State, one of the most important components of national sovereignty, has been attacked here by certain MEPs.
Carbon dioxide emissions are not toxic, whereas dioxin, furan, hydrogen chloride, hydrogen fluoride, heavy metals and other highly dangerous compounds are a real and direct threat to human health and the environment.
Oral explanations of vote
Countries have different national conditions.
Under pressure from China, Nepal's main parties support the socalled One China policy, and they consider Tibet to be an inseparable part of China.
I look forward to your response, Commissioner.
Significant price fluctuations are occurring from year to year, and indeed from month to month, and are often due to factors beyond our control, such as the global financial crisis and, indeed, the price of oil.
For the Nepalese Government, it is China.
What is your position with regard to Parliament's demand for a swift and forceful revision of the financial framework for the period 2011-2013?
This of course applies to Russia, but also to all partners and neighbours of the EU.
The OECD estimates that 2.5% of global GDP is lost through tax evasion.
We must also set up networks offering comprehensive services, consultancy and social support for children and parents.
The Member States and the egg producers have had plenty of time to implement the directive for the abandonment of conventional battery practices.
This report, for which I voted, is a reflection on the current situation and the need for future synergies in order to strengthen effectiveness between the funds.
I would like to point out that the Member States of the European Union are not communicating in the best possible way with the countries of the Western Balkans.
I am particularly happy that the Council and FEMM and LIBE Committees managed to create a text that is backed by all relevant institutions in the EU.
The economic environment has changed dramatically since 2008; hence, a review really is needed.
Thus, projects are being financed in Bulgaria and Slovakia.
(NL) The tension has indeed eased a little, ladies and gentlemen.
Certainly, that was my group's motto in these negotiations.
I am voting in favour of the report because I believe it is important to define the objectives which guarantee the adequate allocation of funds for cooperative programmes, and to fully satisfy the needs of every area through the involvement of the most important regional projects.
At the same time, states may choose to request international assistance for the implementation of these commitments.
If their movement to other states is facilitated, it will be much more difficult to check the genuineness of their status and more difficult to locate them when their status is found not to be true.
This place is in the middle of this Chamber, behind the podium, because you are the Council, the Commission and also Parliament.
in writing. - (NL) All in all, this resolution has been drafted in balanced terms.
Given that even the national law enforcement agencies are not granted this right under their respective constitutions, then why should Europol and, via the back door of the EU, the United States, in particular, be granted such unlimited rights?
This means that the budget allocated to the European instrument for democracy and human rights must be significantly increased.
However, it would be even more important to also give the development of the southern part via the Austrian Southern Railway to Italy the same level of priority.
Parliament must exercise its rights to scrutinise the EEAS and shape its budget.
This would be brought about by a programme agreed at Community level, adopted on a voluntary basis by the Member States and paid for from the Community budget.
We condemn the hypocrisy and provocative effort on the part of the centre right, centre left and Green representatives of capital in the European Parliament to exploit this event.
I agree that the future instrument for supplying EU development aid must be adequately equipped in financial terms, given the commitments made by the EU in this field to spend 0.7% of its Gross National Income (GNI) on Official Development Assistance by 2015.
Mr McCreevy has congratulated us on the promptness of our action.
I believe that free trade is the way forward, and it is also free trade that should show us the way forward with regard to India.
Ladies and gentlemen, the first item today is the Commission statement on the Eastern Partnership.
I also feel that greater political effort is required with regard to our citizens.
We are on the right path, but we still have some way to go.
Does this not entail the danger that Google may be depriving publishers of the freedom to establish their own publishing policy, and authors of potential earnings?
This is not a European dispute, although it is in fact starting to interfere with the accession talks.
Those who have fallen victim to abuse at an early age must be guaranteed full protection during the investigation, before and after judicial proceedings.
The use of joint flights for removals does not entail the violation of the principle of non-refoulement or the circumvention of the requirement for cases to be examined on an individual basis.
In order to sustain food security and self-sufficiency within the EU, at least in part, it is essential that small farming structures and farming in remote regions can be sustained.
Request for urgent procedure: see Minutes
If, therefore, European legislation stipulated who was a 'false' self-employed person and who was not, this could not be made visible from national controls.
This will lead to social disasters.
The consequences of the decisions made in Copenhagen should not form part of this agreement or commitment.
Today we are faced with a ticking time-bomb across Europe.
I also believe that underlining the need to support and promote the activity of SMEs at a cross-border level in the internal market is essential.
The rapporteur has pointed out the most important deficiencies of the current EU 'security architecture' and offers clear and effective solutions for improving the security of the European Union.
That is why I voted in favour of the report.
I believe not only that we have a duty to do so, but that we owe it to the victims of human rights abuses in China such as Liu Xiaobo, most of whom have been denied a voice.
I also agree that cooperation with other third countries and with international organisations or bodies should be encouraged.
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council: see Minutes
However, I do not support broadly charging a country (without citing any specific examples), its leader or all of its people with crimes that they have not committed.
(Sustained applause)
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission very much welcomes this report.
The EU regulation on credit-rating agencies will improve integrity, transparency, responsibility and good governance in the credit-rating activities.
The former British and French dependencies have now become dependencies in the fullest sense, tied to an artificial and unproductive export when they might have diversified their economies and integrated more widely into the world economy.
The Commission has announced that it will present its proposals for the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for the post-2013 period before the summer recess and the legislative proposals for the financing instruments for external action later this year.
For example, cholesterol-lowering medication is taken on a mass scale, although little is known about the effectiveness of various products and very little, indeed, is known about which product is the most effective.
I know there have been concerns from the outset that the EAS will be some kind of intergovernmental body floating outside the European Union system, but the service should be firmly anchored in the European Union system.
Today Lithuania finds itself in front of this community because it wants to protect children from the sexualisation of society.
President Barroso, thank you for your answers and for being present during Question Hour here at the European Parliament.
Problems associated with vocational education and training are becoming a priority for us.
From our side, the EU should work for a diplomatic solution, based on an approach that combines pressure with ordinary dialogue.
Let me also say that the amendment to limit it to one year, honestly speaking, to my mind does not make much sense: it would be better for you simply to vote against it.
Documents received: see Minutes
The forthcoming EU-Russia Summit should be used to draw attention to the situation in Belarus.
Our priority now is excellence in legislation.
Every five years, a detailed review of the Platform for Action is conducted in a great many countries (the last time was in 2005), and the most urgent matters are highlighted.
Helping to bring an end to the 'Lisbon ratification saga' is one of the most important objectives of this Parliament, and I hope that it will also be one of its successes.
In addition, the report lays down the conditions under which ratings issued by third-country agencies can be used in the European Union.
(ET) Madam President, I am voting against this document, because the current act does not guarantee equal treatment of passengers.
Closure of the sitting
I understand the German taxpayers.
That is what I wanted to say, because I did not want to let any ideological ranting or incantation that is short-sighted and that pushes the limits of intellectual honesty go unchallenged in this Chamber.
2.
(DA) Mr President, there is no doubt that European competitiveness is under considerable pressure.
Dear President-in-Office Chastel, dear High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission Lady Ashton, dear guests,
This regulation will mean a step forward, in particular, for people with reduced mobility.
I think it is a positive development that we are going to have the courage to channel it through the Afghan Government's budget in future.
The European Parliament has an important role in nominating the heads of these institutions: this House is competent to hold hearings with the chairs nominated by the national supervisors, on the basis of a shortlist compiled by the Commission, and can oppose their nomination.
This approach is based on three principles: dialogue, incentivising reforms and ownership of these reforms by the partner country.
But let us not dodge the elephant in the room: this is not just about banks, it is about sovereign debt and the stability of the euro: inextricably linked and overwhelmingly important.
On the one hand, it maintains that proof of origin is useless, since it states that the European Union can protect itself on the basis of a system of ex post statistical customs surveillance.
Yet, amidst discussions about an increase in world population, the European Union has failed even to give clear direction on concerns that surround migration.
1.
That will take time, because this is also a question of societal change, but it is very important to be there and offer and agree to that.
There is not only a Middle East debate but also one on gas on the agenda.
We are also aware that this regulation still does not tackle all the problems in a sector which, in recent years, has been seen to have exacerbated the crisis.
I have known about these problems for very many years.
The EU 2020 strategy must resolve the problems caused by the economic and financial crisis through measures aimed directly at the sensitive points in Member States' economies.
Increasing importance should, however, be given to ensuring that consumers are given accurate and comprehensive information, especially with regard to lots, dates of manufacture and other information which enables them to track the progress of the product from its point of origin.
All of us here understand the background to the interinstitutional battle raging over correlation tables, but I can tell you that the farmers I represent do not understand it and they rely on us, their elected representatives, to sort it out for them.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, I am sorry to dissent, but as an experienced accountant, I do not share my colleagues' optimism about the opinion of the auditors.
The Commission must respond as soon as possible to the request submitted by Parliament to define clearly the period of investment so that the provisions on investment protection do not undermine the parties' ability to issue compulsory licences.
Ladies and gentlemen of the Council and the Commission, this historical responsibility cannot be allowed under any circumstances.
That is the only way we can ensure that there is a sufficiently diverse range of programming, and thus contribute to media pluralism, cultural and linguistic diversity, editorial competitiveness within the media and freedom of expression.
As hitherto Moldova has fully exhausted the quota set, I agree with the proposal to increase the duty free tariff quota for wine.
(FR) Mrs Győri, ladies and gentlemen, in the context of the humanitarian crisis in Libya, today more than ever, it is fundamental that Europe provides itself with the means of concerted action in respect of resettlement.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank the honourable Members for their understanding, knowing that I am not familiar with this issue.
Security and stability must not remain a pipe dream for Sri Lankans.
As Mrs Niebler said, we need to discuss the role of the collecting societies in this context.
Mr President, we are discussing Europe 2020 - which will be in 10 years' time - but I think we ought perhaps to reflect on the last 10 hours.
This report is on the need to control the export and circulation of what are called dual-use products: that is, those that have not only a civil but also a military one.
It is an important contribution.
The European Parliament's Committee on Regional Development, which is the leading committee on this project in Parliament, will give high importance to it in its work.
According to current estimates, it will be around 0.6%.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
Secondly, we do not approve of the anti-European dividing line, which of course, the third country is implementing in the 'Nord Stream' gas pipeline project.
(Applause)
When we have put our own House in order, then perhaps we will be in a position to lecture others.
It is our duty to protect the citizens of the European Union from the many negative impacts of globalisation.
I regard these pilot projects as an opportunity to trial our activities in the field of energy efficiency, which will be one of the focal points of my work over the next year.
In recent times, I have seen three great examples of that.
(PL) Madam President, the gas crisis and the financial crisis are forcing us to take rapid and pragmatic action which is above individual interests and ideas that are economically unjustified, such as the Nord Stream pipeline.
At a time of economic crisis, when it is essential to reduce public expenditure, I do not agree with the European Parliament going in completely the opposite direction and sharply increasing its expenditure.
We really appreciate what he has done.
I welcome the willingness to support the use of aid to promote common-interest projects, particularly those involving renewable energy.
Therefore, following the example of the rapporteur, Mr Méndez de Vigo, I think it is good that the European Parliament 'approved the European Council's proposal to amend Protocol No 36 by means of an Intergovernmental Conference, without convening a Convention'.
I also see the introduction of the amendments made by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament as positive, as they have moderated the rapporteur's initial position on the protection of individually transferable quotas, as advocated by the Azorean fishing organisations.
However, we need to ensure that the tragedy that occurred in Japan does not serve as a springboard for economic interest groups to open up new avenues, to the detriment of the interests and safety of the public.
This motion for a European Parliament resolution is important as GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite Systems) can be applied to all modes of transport (land, sea and air), making traffic operate more efficiently, supporting economic growth and reducing pollution.
The issue of impunity in Russia for human rights offenders is rightly also raised.
We shall be doing so, in any case.
As for my group, may I borrow a phrase used by Mr Schwab, with which I fully agree, who said that we are in the final sprint.
I agree with reversed qualified majority voting, which reinforces the role of the European Commission by demanding a qualified majority in the Council in order to derogate from the Commission's decision.
Control cannot mean bureaucracy, since this is always an unnecessary cost.
Just as on the first day, people are dying of hunger, thirst and poverty, and more than a million people on the island are still homeless and will shortly have to cope with the rainy and hurricane season.
The question therefore arises as to how things stand with regard to passengers' rights.
I continue to be categorically opposed to genetically modified food and would like to remind the European Commission of the precautionary principle: even if there are scientific studies that regard genetically modified foodstuffs as not harmful to health, we perhaps do not yet have the right test methods to confirm this.
I stress once again: it is most important to simplify procedures, so that funds which move from rich countries to poor ones do not disappear in a sea of bureaucracy.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, we are here in an orientation debate and the European Parliament wanted to make you pass on a message.
I voted in favour of the report on food prices in Europe because I believe that political action is necessary to tackle the rise in prices of agricultural and food products and the discrepancy between the price received by the producer and the price paid by the consumer.
With the help of the European Union, will we manage to gather the required political will and ensure alternative means of transporting passengers so that we can avoid such consequences in similar crisis situations.
The programme will be based on the Commission communication, but also on the many opinions that have been put forward by national parliaments, civil society and various EU bodies and agencies during the process.
As far as I see it, the main merit of the resolution on health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa and global health is that it tackles the issue on the basis of the specific features of the region in question.
My second question is, do you intend, in future - with this being the start of your term of office - to consistently carry out this kind of impact study at the social level?
Solidarity is one of the European Union's distinctive hallmarks, and we have to strengthen that solidarity with regard to the future.
Given the urgency of the situation, the Commission has already started the preparations for the White Paper to be presented in the third quarter of 2011.
We met young women - girls - who were being married at ever younger ages in northern Kenya.
Well, it should be stipulated that safety certificates must be obtained before operating licences can be granted.
Firstly, we must increase the safety standards of the existing power stations, in particular, using the stress tests that are currently carried out in the Member States.
We need additional strengthened control mechanisms at country level which will decrease the risk of misappropriation of the funds and can then resume payment.
We need a strong distribution system.
It is important that the European Union construct its point of view in exactly this manner.
It is claimed that changes to the menu have also partially resulted in food borne illnesses.
Commissioner Reding gave it to us today, when she said that these issues did not fall under European competence and that we cannot assume a role that is not ours to take on.
Until now, only aeroplane, train and boat passengers have been covered by specific legislation.
Regarding the last mission to Brazil, there were indeed problems, but I challenge you to look at all the reports of our FVO missions to any of the Member States and make a comparison.
Secondly, the relevant regulations must be strengthened by requiring companies to have adequate insurance coverage even for accidents of this magnitude.
It has refused to send us the relevant material, it has refused to answer our questions and it has refused to meet the Committee on Budgetary Control for an open debate, as all the other institutions do.
However, they will not be as easy as this one.
The European Parliament report on artistic studies in the EU is part of the continuing efforts to develop intercultural dialogue and is vitally important in the context of the European Year of Creativity and Innovation.
The root cause is the fact that their quality of life remains at that of a developing country; this in turn intensifies the tendency to exclusion, and the tree of hatred bears the fruit of murderous acts.
Thank you very much.
On the economic issues, even though things are looking brighter on the financial markets, we are facing high levels of unemployment in many countries and this will be a distinctive feature of our economies for many years to come.
The European Parliament's consideration of these issues tonight takes place at a time when my script for tonight said four Member States - Ireland, the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland - had yet to complete their ratification process.
The Commission suggested, some time ago - two years ago I think - that emergency food aid be provided for some Europeans, because there are now people in Europe, too, who do not have enough to eat.
It is not an election like that for the President of France or the President of Portugal.
Therefore, legal measures which provide for an equal position for the self-employed will make it easier for women to start up in business on their own.
When we have already decided that those people will be resettled, there is no reason for us to delay in tackling red tape and bureaucracy, before we can really deal with integrating them on European soil.
The Seventh Framework Programme for Research provides for EUR 886 million per annum for energy research.
Unfortunately, it is relatively difficult to register such programmes at regional level as a result of the economic disparities between EU regions.
(ET) High Representative, Commissioner, we in the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe want the European Union to be visible at the forthcoming 13th session of the UN Human Rights Council.
Madam President, I would like to thank you for your statement, the Committee on Legal Affairs for its question, and Mrs Niebler for her comments and the Commissioner for his answer.
We have now gone through a global financial meltdown and it is continuing to cause us problems.
The Council finally agreed to the European Parliament's request for this amount, having previously argued for EUR 280 million.
It is our ally but we really need to provide European leadership on this issue and in the energy sector for the developing world.
Renewable energy is important for us not simply because of climate change, but also energy security.
The important consideration is to extract them in an environmentally friendly way.
I voted in favour of the compromise reached and I consider the new regulation to be very positive because it will make it possible to harmonise the conditions for the placing on the market and the use of animal feed, and will ensure that adequate information is provided both to livestock farmers and consumers of meat, thereby guaranteeing the proper functioning of the internal market.
(EL) Mr President, exactly a year ago, the leaders of the European Union and the Greek Prime Minister decided that Greece should play the part of economic and social guinea pig.
This Treaty change will not solve the failure of Member States to live up to their agreements under the Stability and Growth Pact.
The second fact from the past is that we discussed how much money has been lost and how much money should be recovered, amongst other things.
It is so essential that it has been imposed across Europe and nevertheless, within Spain, some are prevented from receiving the television programmes broadcast by others.
The internal situation in Eritrea is partly determined by the impasse in the border conflict with Ethiopia.
I am aware of the disparities between pension systems in Europe.
They are intending to do all of this just to favour the international banks, along with a handful of big companies and financial institutions in Portugal, and a few of their lackeys.
I believe that this is the wrong way for the Council to behave and that it damages the credibility of our European project.
The next item is the statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on the situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
However, in this role, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Mr Bendtsen for his splendid work and excellent cooperation.
We are not only talking about how to get out of the crisis or how to help a country - a member of the euro area - which is in trouble, but also about how to develop in the next 10 years.
To quote the words of the Ombudsman: citizens have a right to know what the EU and its administration are doing.
It is an absolute and multidimensional superpower - cultural, military and economic.
The objective of the agreement concerned is to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, undeclared and unregulated (IUU) fishing through the use of effective port state measures, thereby ensuring the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems, including not only fishing vessels, but also ships that may be used to transport fish products.
Their turnover could increase if we were at last to create a Community patent, thus preventing cheap counterfeit products from squeezing out intellectual property produced by small businesses.
This would be very convenient in preventing his testimony before UK courts.
Let me take this opportunity to thank you once more for all your cooperation over all those years.
It is also crucial that we define the structure of the funding so that this will prove sustainable in the medium and long term.
The new rules would help Member States to make more effective use of vaccination to control bluetongue and reduce the burden on the agricultural sector posed by this disease.
The examples of the Irish referendum and the preceding referendums in France and Holland show that we cannot be off-hand about our citizens' views.
It was not spontaneous, but was whipped up.
Moreover, no one has ever asked you to authorise this oenological practice.
From the perspective of the economy, the activities connected, in particular, to the agriculture, fishing and rural tourism sectors, which are so important in preventing depopulation and maintaining the vitality of the rural and coastal zones, continue to have a very considerable socio-economic impact.
As Hungary's national holiday on 15 March is approaching, we must remember the many, many struggles of the Hungarians, such as the 1848 war of independence and revolution, and, to be sure, the 1956 revolution and fight for freedom, which some of you, many of you who are older, may remember, by dint of which we won ourselves a kind of right and respect here in Europe.
I join the rapporteur in warmly welcoming the Ombudsman's decision to publish his annual declaration of interests and to make it available on the Internet.
Of course, we are all repeatedly confronted at the moment with the question of whether we are actually doing enough in our neighbouring countries to help bring about human and civil rights and freedom.
At European and Member State level, there have been many initiatives to fill the gaps highlighted.
As it happens, in the countries where the people were allowed to speak their minds - in France, the Netherlands and Ireland - the Treaty of Lisbon, otherwise known as the European Constitution, was consigned to the wastepaper basket.
I believe that the European Union will be richer for admitting Iceland and that, from a strategic point of view, this will significantly contribute to a greater EU presence in the northern Atlantic and the Arctic region.
At least 500 people, including two Europeans, have been killed and 2 million Chileans have been affected by the earthquakes.
We have already said, in the Lisbon Agenda, that without the small and medium-sized enterprise sector and without regional cooperation it will not be possible to develop cohesion.
General provisions on the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund as regards simplification of certain requirements and as regards certain provisions relating to financial management (debate)
At the start of this year, the unemployment rate reached 10%, while the figure in countries such as Spain and Latvia reached almost 20%.
That is also why, in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, we have actively collaborated on the report by Mrs Napoletano, whom I wish to thank for her patience and understanding.
Those three legs - energy policy, climate policy and energy security - must function together.
The emergency situation demands flexible action, to satisfy the basic needs of the people quickly and to provide material aid as well as to restore rapidly the key infrastructure that has been damaged.
Finally, I would like to mention Vattenfall.
Firstly, it is important in itself not to place too much pressure on the banks by giving them far too short an implementation period, but at the same time, it is at least as important that the implementation does not go too slowly.
We have a strategy that, when implemented, will, for example, improve the functioning of our exchange systems.
If these are to be genuine tests, there should be standards in place for them, they should be carried out openly, and independent parties should conduct them.
I believe that Europe is showing its leadership on this issue - as it has done on other issues on the G20 agenda - both through each of the Heads of State or Government and also through the European institutions themselves, the Presidency of the European Union and the Commission.
We propose to delete the last sentence of paragraph 9, which reads: 'calls on the Belarusian authorities to end their practice of issuing exit visas to their citizens, in particular, children and students'.
In the 2007 Green Paper, the Commission points to the legitimacy of the debate concerning the need for it to be involved in the issue of increasing mobility in cities within the Union, on the basis of the principle of subsidiarity.
Anyone who thinks that the European Union is going in the direction of doing less and devolving power need only look at today's vote.
We have been seeing a steep rise in demand caused by economic and population growth and also by the desire for individual mobility.
Nevertheless, this is an issue for domestic legislation, not the Agreement.
I am referring, for example, to inventions of medicines.
I have called on more than one occasion for European maritime accident intervention centres to be set up in every Member State with access to the sea. This type of accident also comes under this category.
In this regard, I appreciate the proposal to extend maternity leave to 18 weeks in all EU countries, a practice which is already in force in several Member States: in Italy, for example, twenty-one and a half weeks' leave are granted.
The eruption of the volcano in Iceland has highlighted to us the weakness of the European transport system.
I support the proposed amendments to the Reception Conditions Directive, to the Asylum Procedures Directive and to the Asylum Qualification Directive in order to clarify the criteria allowing asylum seekers to qualify for international protection.
Some of you will probably recall that, in March last year, we established the European Qualification Framework, which is a mechanism enabling comparison between education systems.
Unfortunately, victims all too often fear for their family's reputation and, justifiably, their safety and economic dependence, and so they do not go to the law enforcement authorities.
However, we cannot support paragraphs 63 and 64, which raise doubts about free trade in agricultural products.
Over time, this would allow employees to acquire full rights while firms would have sufficient, but decreasing, flexibility during the probation period, removing the inhibiting elements that often prevent employees from taking on new recruits for the long term.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate this demand.
The entry into force of the Agreement between the European Union and the government of the Faroes on Scientific and Technological Cooperation will enable the Faroe Islands to participate fully in the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme for Research, Technological Development and Demonstration Activities.
The passengers are now in a situation in which the law as it stands does not provide them with all the help that they might expect.
At present, this disease represents one of the main causes of incapacity among the elderly, and Alzheimer's disease accounts for more than half of all cases.
For this reason, it is important to strike a balance between exploitation, on the one hand, and maximum protection for this sensitive system, on the other.
In particular, we will continue to support national capacity building in order to strengthen and enable national jurisdictions to conduct credible and effective national investigations and trials of Rome Statute crimes.
We will also see the end to discriminatory pricing on prepayment meters.
Therefore, our policy must be geared towards saying: Colonel Gaddafi must lose, and the Libyans must emerge victorious against Colonel Gaddafi.
In this regard, I welcome the proposals to simplify the procedures for the decommitment of the funds and to facilitate payments to the beneficiaries of the various programmes implemented using the aforesaid funds.
We know that the Commission has set in motion a special mechanism for civil aid, a monitoring and information centre to coordinate the aid given to Ukraine by EU countries.
I still maintain that the Council should also withhold its decision until after 6 May when we have decided.
Organisations do very valuable work.
The Commission has always stressed that these values were an essential component of our neighbourhood policy, towards both our southern and our eastern neighbours.
I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance.
But that issue has not been forgotten.
That CITES conference was all too reminiscent of the one on climate change in Copenhagen, where the EU position was unclear.
The African Union is watching the creation of the new institutions put in place by virtue of the Treaty of Lisbon with interest.
Furthermore, I think that, at a time of crisis, adopting this measure may have the totally opposite effect, as it will act as a factor dissuading companies which want to employ women.
That is why the French proposal, among others, is not a particularly good one, because it could have precisely this effect.
If Europe is to play a role in development cooperation at all, it should be as a coordinator among the Member States and not as a donor.
I appointed Mr Vygaudas Ušackas as head of our delegation in Afghanistan; he was also a politician, a foreign minister and a diplomat.
We acknowledge the decision of certain opposition parties not to participate, but also the fact that some other parties, including from ethnic groups, did participate.
Tax harmonisation is necessary to a certain degree, for example, minimum rates of corporation tax.
In other words, the figures differ completely from those you cited just now.
We have to make it possible for men to take responsibility along with women in order to improve on the path that we have on the table at the moment.
However, we can already draw certain conclusions which may be useful in future.
Responsibility must, therefore, be shared, using the resources of the European Fund for Refugees and asking the European Office for strong support to implement the right of asylum, including provision for support in terms of border staff training and improving European asylum mechanisms.
It is now the task of the Commission to carry this initiative forward with determination.
Trade and transport in the region are developing apace. The energy market, however, is stagnating.
The Tagliavini commission rightly criticises the mass provision of Russian passports to Georgian citizens in Abkhazia and South Ossetia as being contrary to international law.
Who is not a pacifist?
It is one of those things which, if used in an unnecessary, inappropriate or disproportionate way, instead of becoming an aid to the attack on organised crime, which is very important in Bulgaria and elsewhere in the European Union, becomes a weapon of the state.
We are just at the beginning of something absolutely crucial for the future of the European economy.
In the Balkans, all European Union nationals and citizens must be treated on an equal footing.
I would emphasise that the European Commission's commitment to human rights has always been at the heart of its every action.
Let me speak clearly.
I have spoken for a long time, but there were a great many questions.
After all, this actually promotes the brain drain of the most skilled, dynamic and enterprising Africans.
This would give commercial channels considerable input.
What purpose does it serve?
I would very much like to know whether, on account of this criticism of the EU finances, his party, which is, of course, currently crucial in the Dutch Parliament in terms of supporting the government, wants the country of the Netherlands, which is also a net contributor, to reduce the net amount it pays?
We still disagree with and oppose some aspects of the report.
Their involvement may guarantee that the strategy will meet the relevant demands, resolve problems and contribute to the development of towns and villages as well as the macro-region as a whole.
I do take the view, though, that Member States must retain the scope to vary the costs.
We talk about elections because elections are democracy.
Subject: Discrimination against the Polish minority in Lithuania
The allocation of EUR 200 million to the project, which has an estimated cost of construction of EUR 8 billion, only brings a smile of pity to the faces of our partners.
So we must work simultaneously at two complementary levels.
I need only mention a number of EU Member States that put such measures into practice, and that do so regardless of their political persuasion.
The latest act committed by Macedonia in this regard was to arrest the Bulgarian citizen Spaska Mitrova and give her an exceptionally harsh sentence.
For instance, Council Regulation (EC) No 1226/2009 fixing quotas for 2010 has provisions related to technical measures, namely Article 7 on the prohibition of highgrading, and in Annex III on the restrictions on fishing for flounder and turbot.
Madam President, I think that, after the results of these previous votes and because we need a qualified majority, as a democratic requirement, we should repeat the vote on Amendment 5.
I believe that every crisis also offers an opportunity to be seized, an opportunity to renew our European model of a social market economy, and an ecological economy also; it offers an opportunity to show Europe's strong desire to contribute to the well-being of its citizens.
Well, of course it is not.
To ensure good food quality, consumers must also be given complete information on the products they buy, the ingredients, any genetic modifications, the place of manufacture, the storage conditions, how to prepare it and the use by date.
We will write that in Cuba, there is no freedom; we will write that in Cuba, there is no democracy; we will write that life is life and people should not be killed.
It is in the Commission's own interest, and in the European interest, to respect the independence of its external auditor.
In addition, the free trade agreement will contribute to an increase in transparency on the question of intellectual property protection and public procurement.
In particular, I greatly appreciate the rapporteur's evaluation of the existing legislative and non-legislative framework and the shortcomings noted in its interpretation and implementation, which have precluded the desired level of harmonisation.
(NL) Mr President, Baroness Ashton, the freedom of religion or belief protects both religious and non-theist beliefs, and even atheist beliefs.
author. - Mr President, the system whereby the EU gives preferential treatment in trade to some countries has been in place since 1971.
However, a few weeks back, in Parliament, I did warn of civil unrest over the situation with the eurozone and the problems it now faces.
Commissioner Kroes has already expressed her concern, but I think that more is needed.
The Instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other high income countries and territories (ICI) is being fundamentally amended in this parliamentary term.
In January 2006, the Commission adopted an action plan towards an integrated internal control framework, again with the aim of obtaining a positive statement of assurance from the ECA.
There is also a strong argument for greater visibility of these funds, and an urgent need for simplification.
(SV) Madam President, the USA's trade embargo has been in place for almost 50 years.
So, if we welcome the lifting of the travel ban in the US, we should apply the same principles within the European Union.
Zimbabwe has been unable to move towards democracy.
Madam President, I would like to refer to the amendment tabled by some of my fellow Members asking this Parliament to condemn the head of an institution which, with all the errors that may have been committed in over two millennia and for which apologies have been made on many occasions, has been distinguished by a truly determined defence of human dignity.
As Masaryk wrote a hundred years ago in the second edition of his 'Czech Question': 'Our national literary and language revival took place at the same time as revivals and new developments in all European nations.
Given the dramatic turnaround in the Irish economy, as in other economies, the years of 2006 and 2007 might as well have been a lifetime ago.
It highlights some of the critical issues still to be resolved in the process of bringing Turkey closer to the European Union and also notes how, as well as the unresolved issue of the Armenian genocide, it is also up to the Turkish authorities to take responsibility for the occupation of part of the island of Cyprus and the dispute with the Republic of Cyprus, a Member State since 2004.
Existing diplomatic offices have been given new names, but the Union has not strengthened its position as an actor on the global stage.
Documents received: see Minutes
As has been said, it is time that stability and democracy went hand-in-hand.
The sitting is resumed and is the last sitting before the Christmas break and the New Year.
I believe that if Ukraine is faithful to the promises of its political leaders, it would be able to begin along the path to membership, the first step of which should be to institutionalise freedom and the rule of law.
However, a large part of the recovery plan involves investments in CCS technologies.
That would really help our enterprises to compete on the global market.
Mr President, in my judgement, the introduction of this beautiful high technology here was intended to save our time and increase our efficiency.
Without the small farmers, there will be no Europe.
I would like to say to Mr Martin that I saw that he was asking for the floor on a personal matter, and that I will give him the floor, but in accordance with the Rules of Procedure, I will do so at the end of the debate and after the Commission.
In particular, we are extremely satisfied with the agreement reached by both banks with the World Bank, in a joint initiative to strengthen their financial instruments and improve their efficiency in the use of their lending instruments in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, which are experiencing an especially difficult situation.
Report: Vladimír Maňka
The Iraqi Government has repeatedly requested different countries, including many EU Member States, to receive them, and we have not agreed.
Finally, I must say that I am somewhat curious about the future scope to be given to the cooperation protocols on education and culture.
(Applause)
On the other hand, few people would deny that we live in a time in which threats to people's security require, not just better information exchange between police authorities in crime fighting, but also better processing of this information in order to make it more suitable for fighting organised crime and, particularly, terrorism.
We are also surprised - the word 'surprised' is perhaps a polite way of putting it - we are therefore surprised that these agreements do not apply to the outermost regions of France when they do apply to the outermost regions of Portugal.
This therefore explains why, despite all our problems, the euro is a stable currency.
We should therefore look for compromise in the coming conciliation process.
These causes, which are rooted in the capitalist relations of production, cannot be eliminated as long as these relations exist.
This means that communication providers will be obliged to inform the authorities and their customers about security breaches affecting their personal data.
The crisis will make no difference: Europe is blinded by its dogmatism and deaf to its citizens' demands.
The outcome of the budget debate for 2011 was foreseeable, taking into account the responsibilities of the Council and the main political groups within this Parliament, whether in the definition and acceptance of the current multi-annual financial framework, or in the approval of subsequent budgets which this will have to cover.
The maximum annual financial package available to the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is EUR 500 million, which is intended to be used to help people look for work or to finance professional training courses or mobility allowances.
In the meantime, however, the Member States are negotiating bilaterally with the United States about the transfer of personal data, or rather, giving the United States access to European databases, including passenger data.
Personally, I see a lack of strategy on the EU's part in relation to the Arab revolutions.
Is it not the case that financial aid for Greece is expressly prohibited under the Treaty of Lisbon?
We must not forget the pioneering role of Slovenia which to a significant extent started the pro-European process in the Balkans.
This is particularly important if we realise that 80% of EU expenditure is administered by the Member States.
The second issue is 'a fair return for my country'.
We therefore fully support this proposal.
We must bear in mind that the principle of subsidiarity obviously cannot stand in the way of the implementation of fundamental rights in a Europe of the people.
As I said, they are the result of a long process, not a single meeting.
(FR) Over and above the figures cited by our estimable colleague, Mr Guerrero Salom, out of the 829 million inhabitants of Sub-Saharan Africa, about 240 million are starving, that is to say, 30% of the population.
At the end of voting time in the plenary session of 6 May 2009, the European Parliament approved a draft directive setting out the terms and conditions for electronic communication.
2.
There is also a need for an improvement in cohesion within Member States and for better use of financial resources earmarked for infrastructure investments related to climate change, such as hydrotechnical constructions.
It will be easy to find suitable candidates among the 250 million dynamic, bold and strong female citizens of the European Union, and this includes female candidates for the positions of President of the European Council and High Representative for Common Foreign Policy.
In this context, the EU will reiterate its demands to other developed countries to take on an ambitious agenda, and to continue to seek measurable, reportable and verifiable mitigation actions by developing countries.
In this model, public mechanisms for controlling production - quotas, adapted to each country's needs - are essential.
In this context, we have referred to the Aarhus Convention.
Rather than administering justice, the judicial system continues to serve the purpose of eliminating opponents of the regime, and the wool is being pulled over the eyes of the EU.
But once again you could not accept a democratic result, oh no - the Irish have to vote again!
Whole regions have been flooded, regions that are bigger than many of our Member States.
I must therefore welcome and express my support, once again, for the mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund on this occasion to assist the victims of the earthquake which struck the Italian region of Abruzzo in April 2009.
I also expect us, in Parliament, to improve our communications and dialogue with citizens and to provide them with better information.
(HU) Hungarian communities in five EU Member States recently commemorated the Hungarian Revolution and War of Independence of 1948-49.
in writing. - (PT) This draft legislative resolution is based on the draft decision of the Council and the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States of the European Union, meeting within the Council on the conclusion of the Protocol to Amend the Air Transport Agreement between the United States of America, of the one part, and the European Community and its Member States, of the other part.
A common register between the various institutions will be created with the aim of contributing to greater transparency, and which will differentiate between interest groups representing civil society and public authorities.
A competitive Europe built on sustainable use must aim to increase the renewable energy share to 80% by the year 2050.
Let me now conclude with a horizontal report.
Besides, Baroness Ashton's plans will result in considerable cost to the taxpayer.
In a time of economic and financial crisis, however, it is not possible for the EU to 'finance' the third world on a massive scale, at the expense of maintaining the living standards of European citizens.
There is 'permanent structured cooperation' enabling a military core Europe.
I appeal for more effective cooperation between the EU and the UN over monitoring of women's rights and the introduction of measurements which quantify violations of women's rights.
(DE) Madam President, the borders have been removed for the first time in Germany and Austria and we finally have free movement for workers from the countries of Eastern Europe.
Amending the regulation on the introduction of alien species in aquaculture closed facilities will certainly facilitate aquaculture activities by eliminating unnecessary administrative burdens whilst, at the same time, ensuring adequate protection for aquatic habitats.
I welcome the proposal establishing the microfinance facility as I believe it will help offer a new start for some of Europe's most disadvantaged groups by increasing the supply and accessibility of microloans and, in turn, helping people start up their own businesses.
According to European Union data, currently 1.5 million boxes of falsified medicines are sold every year via the legal supply chain.
Mr President, I would like to thank the honourable Member for that point.
Along these lines Prime Minister Orbán has recently said that we should clearly differentiate between economic migrants and political refugees.
This is fundamental.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, I would also like to thank Mr Florenz, in particular for his patience in the negotiations.
Parliament's aim, in tabling this motion for a resolution, was to invite the European Union to pursue the United Nations Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which provide for halting the increase in the incidence of this serious disease by 2015.
I welcome the possibility that governments that have just come to power might have the right to update their budgetary framework in the medium term to reflect new political priorities.
In the future, however, it will be important to spend more money, particularly on research.
This motion aimed, in particular, to deny the fact that the consumer would be informed about DHA, on the product label, for example.
Renewables will make up 70% of all power investments in Europe over the next ten years.
Both within Europe and more widely, we are facing an upsurge in violent attacks targeting migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, as well as minorities such as the Roma.
Alongside this measure, I believe that the Commission and the Member States should take into account the importance of innovation for strong and sustainable growth, as well as for job creation.
By this I mean all the religions throughout our entire world.
The next item is voting time.
Look also at the Euro Emergency Fund, which is beginning to resemble a Ponzi scheme.
The European Union, which we can boldly say leads the world in terms of human rights, is making significant efforts to ensure that at least minimum standards of human rights protection are guaranteed in other places around the world.
Instead, we should utilise the numerous potential opportunities for savings, whether in relation to the decentralised agencies, the two locations of the European Parliament or the pre-accession aid for Turkey.
(PT) Mr President, there has long been a need to create a financial transaction tax (FTT) at global level and, therefore, also at European Union level, just as there has been a need to put an end to tax havens and speculative financial products.
You talked about the Member States being committed to the police training mission EUPOL.
I support it wholeheartedly and am pleased that in this instance, people in Lithuania will receive aid.
The abolition of historical reference values, aid to farmers with small farms, a rebalancing in favour of the livestock sector and, above all, the adoption of the principle of the degressivity of direct payments, taking employment and the environment into account, represent crucial progress in this regard.
No religion is, or ever was, invulnerable to what I will call intolerable deviations.
Portugal is taking part, together with 13 other EU countries (Spain, Italy, Hungary, Luxemburg, Austria, Romania, Slovenia, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Belgium, Latvia and Malta) in the first enhanced cooperation trial in the history of the EU.
by Mrs Goulard, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area - C7-0298/2010 -
A longer sentence was suppressed and all that remains is 'proposes that the Commission should check if existing sites in protected areas have been extended and if some of them are in Natura 2000 protected sites'.
I have to tell you honestly that this definition of transparency is, unfortunately, not one I can go along with.
This amendment will enable greater consideration to be given to Parliament at all stages of the process, from negotiation to adoption, making the EU more democratic and legitimate.
I would also like to thank our partners.
These are anti-social, irresponsible actions and we cannot blame the Commission for them.
However, without these strict conditions, we will not be contributing to the creation of sustainable jobs.
His absence meant that a summit that should have been historic lost political influence, significance and effectiveness.
For these reasons, because I am convinced of the important political signal that Europe is morally obliged to send on this issue and not leave the States to their own devices, I used my vote to support the aforementioned resolution.
Mr President, I would like to reiterate, on the record, in relation to this most important maritime package, recital 3 of the review of the EU-ETS Directive, which was passed by an overwhelming majority.
in writing. - (SV) We believe that our primary contribution to promoting continued development in the world's poorest countries should be to open up EU markets to imports from those parts of the world.
Moreover, the European Union must not forget its founding principles.
I hope that the outcome will result in new market opportunities and a strengthening of the rules on multilateral trade, so as to place trade at the service of sustainable development.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank Mr Moraes, who has drawn up the report on which we are to give our views to his usual high standard and with a sincere desire to uphold humanitarian principles and the principle of respect for our fellow human beings.
Our review of this regulation is part of a broader European action plan for sustainable production and consumption and it is closely linked to the review of EMAS and the Ecodesign directive.
Yet it could: in the mid-1990s, six years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, whilst Western and Central Europe were growing together in peace, it happened again in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
At the same time, we must continue the work that is already under way in the field of legal regulation, and we must adopt the proposal for a directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste.
It is a lack of competition that makes us look upon them, instead of us, as having the self-confidence of being in the lead.
I will send you more detailed information about what the Commission is doing in this regard.
rapporteur. - Madam President, like my colleagues I would like to say that, although it is not perfect, the third energy package is a very good basis for developing our common market, especially in gas, and for enhancing gas security.
Implementing measures (Rule 88): see Minutes
Mr President, having noted the Presidency's decision on the admissibility of these amendments, I would simply ask the authors of these amendments to withdraw them for the sake of political expediency.
Ms Haug, thank you for that.
As you have rightly said, it is estimated that by 2050, the number of people with dementia will have doubled in Europe.
This revision will henceforth allow traffic to be managed better through increased charges in peak periods (not exceeding 175% over five hours), but also provides for a proportionate decrease in low peak charges to avoid penalising road haulage companies financially.
The Presidency of the Council of the Union will take part in the next part-session of the Human Rights Council on behalf of the Council of the Union.
To conclude, I would stress that it is essential that the people who receive financial support should also be given appropriate training.
They come to earn money, and the scheme is exploited in many places in Europe as a way of obtaining cheap labour.
Our primary objective must be to ensure high-quality and sustainable food production in Europe and for our rural areas to be active and vital.
Therefore, we have some work to do to raise awareness so that this culture of rights, this policy of values exists throughout Europe, so that, when a law is passed, when a law is applied, people everywhere ask themselves if it complies with the values we have subscribed to; that is to say that, as political leaders, we must ask ourselves almost systematically, when we act, whether what we are doing is compatible with the fundamental rights we have subscribed to.
If the political will is present, the introduction of such a policy will be facilitated by the growing power of the euro.
Finally, we are pleased that, after a long delay, the Council has also decided on the obligations of the port States and the insurance and liability of shipowners.
The completely opposite situation has developed in Latvia.
For millions of Europeans, the quality of drinking water depends on how clean the Danube is.
The Council, for its part, is telling us 'We do not want to go any further.'
The European Union must act in accordance with the assessment of its observers in the Sudanese elections, who concluded that the elections had not complied with international standards.
I should point out that in 2005 we launched a transparency initiative which included the question of expert groups.
For this reason, during the first stage, every operator of a nuclear power plant has been asked since 1 June to submit a report to the national authorities using the agreed European inspection criteria, our inspection catalogue, which is public and transparent.
Thirdly, the Community fleet has observers on board and complies with a strict regime of providing information on fishing activity through fishing logbooks, catch samples and a ban on transferring goods at high sea, among other measures.
The Irish Government made the mistake of giving guarantees without demanding reform of the banking sector.
I supported the report on the development of the common security and defence policy following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I see this as an important step for Parliament, which is clearly stating that public broadcasting needs to remain independent of political power.
From the beginning of its activities, the movement has met with opposition from the authorities.
In view of such close economic relations, I am surprised that the EU and Korea differ so greatly when it comes to respect for human rights.
Let me take some examples.
Closure of the sitting
The faster the rate of development, the greater the demand for water.
Enlargement is indeed a very serious process and it will not be used for bullying anyone - not here in the EU and not in any aspirant country.
We need a unified methodology to measure efficiency, effectiveness, and even absorption capacity, which plays a key role in determining how we should proceed with the cohesion policy.
In addition, on the subject of creating a mechanism where transnational companies are obliged to declare the profits they have made, I believe that this must be set up at international level.
The second question asks if a critical mass of payments will have migrated by the end of 2010.
- (PL) Madam President, the European Community must make every effort to keep alive the memory of heroes and not to allow the trivialisation of totalitarian crimes.
It seems that recent experience does not count at the top levels of our institutions.
It is also extremely well-timed because the EIB can be an additional tool for the European Union to work with Chile in the medium- to long-term reconstruction efforts that are already getting under way.
We call for the Commission and the Council to take up their stated commitments and come to view AIDS as a global priority for public health.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I admit that I would have liked this Parliament to measure up to the pride of the Tunisians who managed to defeat the dictator Ben Ali.
It is therefore now even more important for Member States to promote the birth rate and to pay proper attention to families.
Of course there are many other proposals, on the reinforcement of Frontex and on a common European asylum system, for example, but I hope we will have other occasions to discuss such issues in greater depth.
As I said in my introduction, we believe that this complex issue needs very broad and sustainable solutions permeating the whole policy area.
I would like to offer my sincere thanks to the rapporteur for preparing such a balanced report.
The directives in question are obsolete and do not contribute to better regulation.
I would therefore ask that you formally ask request the Spanish Government to state its position on the conclusions of the Auken report to the European Parliament.
One of these is financial supervision reform.
I hope that the agreement that has just been renewed continues to prove advantageous to both parties.
This is why we want to take the next steps as quickly as possible.
Within the EU's sphere of competence, which we have to respect, the European Commission has always stood up for freedom of the media, freedom of expression, freedom of information and freedom of the press, whether within the EU or in our external relations with third countries.
There are certain elements that need to be prioritised: firstly, the simplification of the programme, and secondly, the promotion of scientific excellence, not only in some countries but throughout Europe, a stronger connection between the framework programme and innovation, and with instruments directed at small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and entrepreneurship.
Another joint undertaking, Galileo, has not been established at all.
It is hoped that intercommunication among Member States will double by 2020.
We cannot open a debate on that now, Mr Busuttil.
The EU is not democratic and is therefore not a suitable guardian of people's rights.
I therefore call on the Commission urgently to develop an effective road map against all forms of violence.
It is only right and proper that we should offer personal support to workers who have been made redundant as a result of globalisation and the economic crisis, aiding their reintegration into the labour market.
In this instance, the differences that exist between the legal systems of the Member States constitute a barrier to the proper functioning of the EU market.
This is an extremely important fight not only for us, but also, I think, for a very large majority of my fellow Members in this House.
I therefore call on the Commission to work quickly so that we can put this scientific progress to use before the end of the year.
No, we are not being overly critical.
However, we must recognise that this matter leaves a slightly bitter taste in the mouth.
Our common foreign and security policy is at a crossroads.
I would point out that the 2011 budget will be the first to be adopted under the Treaty of Lisbon, with the resulting strengthening of parliamentary intervention.
What happens next?
Turkey is not a European country and does not, therefore, belong to the European Union, but let us instead work out a relationship of privileged partnership.
This seems to be too sensitive for world leaders to discuss.
This regulation will reduce the administrative burden and will simplify legal regulations in accordance with the UN agreement on unifying vehicle requirements.
Therefore, in practical terms, we are financing two systems, which is costing European taxpayers no small sum of money.
We are working on it.
The point is that the ECB is not independent in the Greek crisis; it has chosen sides.
It is therefore important to guarantee that, in the International Year of Biodiversity, the fundamental strategic objectives of the European Union in the context of the forthcoming Conference of the Parties to CITES will address the objective of protecting biological diversity, something which is fundamental for the well-being and survival of humanity.
The vote on the Commission statement on public procurement will take place at the next part-session.
The Commission is particularly pleased by the inclusion in its original proposal of articles governing the matter of the multilateral interbank fee for direct debit transactions.
What is important is that the EU directs funding for research across Member States to ensure we have a full and accurate picture of the scope of the problem.
I therefore appeal to the Czech government and premier Mirek Topolánek, to constrain Klaus' public declarations on EU affairs as much as possible.
(RO) I was only wanting to say that, in the meantime, Mr Schulz has arrived in the Chamber and we would be delighted if he could reply to the question which was asked by our fellow Member at the start while he was absent.
All the European institutions that depend on the European Union budget have to be thoroughly audited by the Court of Auditors and by all entities with that function.
The main drawback is the necessary mobilisation of the fund.
My impression at the moment is that many critics are running out of arguments against the ACTA agreement.
The Council is still blocking the introduction of a cross-cutting directive on combating discrimination aimed at guaranteeing equal protection against all forms of discrimination.
The estimated cost of health and social care by 2018 will be GBP 27 billion.
Information is being circulated that there would be an amendment to the Treaty of Lisbon with the accession treaty of Croatia, or are there other appropriate legal arrangements?
In order to rectify the absence of coordination and communication among international donors, the EU is calling to set up a centralised database on all EU aid and to allocate funds directly to specific projects implemented in partnership with Afghan institutions.
We need to make full use of the potential that we already have so that trade and industry cannot import huge numbers of cheap foreign specialists on the pretext of there being a lack of skilled workers.
Time will tell whether Member States' supervisory authorities have sufficient capacity to understand these models.
I wish to stress at this point the role of Georgia and Azerbaijan as transit countries for energy resources and for the diversification of energy supply sources.
Accession must provide added value to all parties.
In fact, it was cancelled by the Iranian authorities.
(GA) Mr President, firstly may I congratulate my friend and colleague Karl-Heinz on this report.
Commissioner Reding, I conclude by saying that if we are serious about being a Community of values, then the European Commission needs to act.
Red tape and onerous administrative and regulatory conditions add to the complexity of the application process and contribute to the difficulty faced by small organisations and by small and medium-sized enterprises trying to get funding for the research in which they are engaged.
In answer to Mr Lambsdorff, who says that this can only be a German election campaign and that the social democrats are leaving the European path, I would like to say that it is not the social democrats, but you who are entering into an alliance with genuine anti-Europeans and that is the problem.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - (NL) Madam President, on the eve of the energy summit and at a time when the Commission and Parliament are placing a great deal of emphasis on energy efficiency and good management of our raw materials, this is the kind of directive which should effectively translate those fine ideas into practice.
That, too, is part of our message.
I am happy with all the comments that we have already had on the Green Paper.
Our unequivocal priority should be to restore employment and sustainable economic growth.
Furthermore, to be able to achieve the results we want, energy efficiency must be promoted at every level, in every national and European policy.
If we did, we would basically extinguish free trade and the opportunity for cross-border trade.
As for the Member States, many of them continue unilaterally to impose strict legislation and regulations on movement to and on their territory, to restrict access to their labour markets, social systems and educational systems, and to make family reunification difficult.
May I first of all compliment the Commission on having adopted a technology-neutral approach.
In this way, or another similar way, it would be possible to resolve two issues at the same time.
Therefore, we shall include what Mrs Flautre said, and I shall now record this paragraph as having been orally amended.
We are about to ban battery cages for the production of eggs and yet you will give a derogation on that.
I strongly support inclusion of cultural aspects in the draft organisation chart of the European External Action Service (EEAS).
The European Parliament, on the other hand, is opting to increase the European Union budget for 2011.
We have been able to work successfully together with the Swedish Council Presidency, and I would therefore like to thank those who have supported and accompanied us throughout the process, as this dossier is not exactly a new one.
On the contrary, we should turn all our attention to the countries of this region.
The European Union, the European Council is responsible for continuing to drag its feet over the accession negotiations and thereby depriving itself of one of its most important tools, namely, the stabilisation of the region, and so is the Macedonian leadership for believing that, if the accession negotiations do not begin, it does not need to continue the reforms referred to by Minister Győri and Commissioner Füle.
Before I deal in detail with that in the moments I have, let me just say that paragraph 15 is a very key paragraph in the report and perhaps should have been dealt with in more detail.
How are we to understand this?
Another important issue is, of course, the financial and economic crisis.
This is a voluntary scheme because it has been obvious in our discussions that compulsory schemes simply would not work politically.
At the same time, special support is required from the European Union's Structural Funds in order to provide mutual assistance to the regions which will suffer as a result of these measures.
However, European exporters faced tariff barriers and regulatory obstacles when trying to take their products into the country.
Are you prepared to bring about an urgently needed change of policy to put people ahead of profits and social interests ahead of competitive ones?
Moreover, I am shocked by the practice of guilt by association that results in the imprisonment of entire families, including children.
(NL) Mr President, how pleased I am with the position of the UK and Dutch governments, in particular, so far!
And when you dare to protest, they laugh in your face.
This action will also provide consumers with the certainty that by buying timber and timber products they do not contribute to the problem of illegal logging and associated trade.
At the same time, we did not hesitate to mention Pakistani concerns over the situation regarding religious minorities here at home, in Europe.
However, there is one factor that must never be ignored, and that is the human factor.
We, the European Parliament, have always worked for cooperation with the Arab states and the people there.
The assessments which are now carried out by the European Commission give us information as to which bodies consistently have problems in terms of their managerial capabilities in implementing political cohesion programmes.
The opposite process to this is taking place in Slovakia where the Hungarian ethnic community which has been living there for a thousand years is being severely discriminated against in terms of language rights, with Hungarian being made a second-class language and subordinate to the official language.
The arguments are repeated here fastidiously.
Therefore, I would like to urge states to apply tax incentives and encourage people to use public transport.
Accidents and acts of God do happen, and we cannot guarantee to prevent them.
Information technology is a fundamental area which enables the new challenges of our times to be met, brings long-term savings, and offers the citizens better service.
The rise in energy prices, adverse meteorological events and the increase in demand for energy due to world population growth have produced high food prices.
We only need to think of the latest move from the music industry association to the copyright department.
- Report: Ioannis Varvitsiotis
Since we believe it is important to have a permanent stability mechanism, the Commission played a constructive role supporting this limited revision of the Treaty.
I can tell you that we in the Commission are very unhappy with the delay - we have not been able to find an appropriate solution for the patent for such a long time - because it would definitely create the conditions for a leap forward on how to protect intellectual property rights and on how to improve and make Europe much more competitive when it comes to patent protection on an international level.
At the same time, however, it is paradoxical, because CSR and the social and environmental clauses pull in the same direction, namely, towards globalisation which is more respectful of human rights and the environment and which is conducive to sustainable development.
Losses are already estimated at USD 300 billion.
We only need to look at the mission in Libya.
Protection for consumers and workers must be the key point in all EU legislative initiatives.
Whilst our text quite rightly mentions the recent attacks and killings that have gone on in the world, we must also admit that in some European countries, respect for this freedom of religion is under threat.
It must be perfectly clear to anyone who does not simply wish to follow the fashionable line and exploit the fear of nuclear energy that we simply cannot manage without it.
I therefore voted for this report.
It is good, therefore, that the European Parliament has taken up the matter of the transparency of the European Commission's negotiations, as well as the matter of counterfeiting and its prevention.
In my opinion, the behaviour of the German state authorities towards persons travelling from the Czech Republic is unfounded in a clear majority of cases and contrary to the declared free movement of persons.
I hope, Commissioner, that this is also followed up on conscientiously.
There is no dispute, there is no question about what is repeated to us a hundred times, a thousand times, and for what reason?
The significant progress we have seen and noted is good reason for us to discharge the Seventh, Eighth, Ninth and Tenth European Development Funds, but we shall have to continue making improvements.
Yet when we get down to details, the plan as it currently stands ought to be based on the fully realistic opportunities offered by current energy resources.
If the European Union needs a severe electric shock to get the economy and employment back in a virtuous circle, it must do so with similar objectives but using a method that is completely different from that of the Lisbon Strategy.
There are many things on which we all agree.
(PL) Mr President, I would not like to repeat the arguments of my predecessors, my colleagues from my political group.
I join the call for the Commission to support with all financial and political means the efforts of the Belarusian civil society to promote democracy and oppose the regime.
India did not starve.
Mr De Gucht, fortunately you are also responsible for the Transatlantic Economic Council (TEC).
There has been a significant increase across the globe in the number and severity of natural disasters caused, particularly, by the impact of climate change.
The policies developed as part of the Eastern Partnership must include without fail the maximum possible use of these areas for the European Union's benefit.
It is not about abandoning citizens' rights of free movement.
This pressure by some French farmers' unions, destroying products coming from outside France, has had a very rapid impact on clients of the Catalan meat industry, as a result of which its sales have dropped by 50%.
She cannot attribute blame to a Federal State when she herself should be held responsible for the damage caused.
The text is virtually the same as that of three weeks ago and makes no mention of the vote of the Hungarian Parliament.
These Member States must impose specific rules and regulations for authorising professionals which fit into their existing national systems.
We effectively tried to cooperate as closely as possible with all the European institutions, respecting the letter and spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon and playing a role that was actually no more than that of facilitator.
I would like to believe that the intent of the initiators of this debate is to emphasise the generous core values and realities of the European project, because the realities of the European Union are indeed the best standards in the world for the treatment of minorities.
The report we are discussing today touches the heart of our society.
The European Socialists have long been calling for effective protection and for good programmes.
Therefore, the 12% issue from 2006 is resolved.
So we need to find a solution very rapidly.
Copenhagen is important because God's creation is highly vulnerable, and is deeply affected by man's actions.
Neither the US nor China is larger, contrary to what is usually stated in discussions on what is and what will be the number one global economy.
This is now the first and foremost cornerstone of making progress on this strategy.
Firstly, there is the economic and financial crisis, which requires us to continue the systematic coordinated action that we have embarked on.
Once again, regional policy appears to be the lynchpin of the entire Hungarian strategy, capable of providing integrated responses to the economic crisis and regional imbalances.
Elsewhere, it bemoans the fact that Europe has an ageing population.
Never before were women so well educated, but, when it comes to entrepreneurship, women are still largely under-represented.
I would like to stress that, as part of our efforts, we are not asking for charity, but for support for our initiatives.
With respect to its environmental requirements, these must be scientifically-grounded, as in fact was the case in the ICCAT meeting given the active participation of the European Union.
The Council takes away EUR 4 billion and invokes the economic crisis.
The decision to increase lending to small and medium-sized enterprises by 50% is particularly welcome.
The human distress caused by the Haiti earthquake is on a massive scale: hundreds of thousands are dead or injured, and Port-au-Prince is almost completely destroyed.
In this context, our Committee has formulated questions which, irrespective of the background they come from, always touch upon the same issues.
Let me just say this: there is talk of plants and CO2; there is deforestation and desertification.
The Joint Undertaking is in a start-up phase and had not yet fully established its internal control and financial reporting systems by the end of 2009.
Let them do so, let them take certain other actions which are needed, such as strict compliance with planning regulations, in order to prevent most of the disasters.
In order to achieve this, however, the European Union does need to speak with one voice.
The Commission's expert groups, which are hand-picked from the Member States, have a great deal of influence in legislative delegation.
Nor is it a coincidence that the Member States took an almost unanimously dismissive stand on this dossier in the Council.
Stronger tax cooperation is the only way forward.
It is strange.
(DE) Mr President, I have voted in favour of the Commission and I am also in favour of the Framework Agreement, which represents an historic step forward.
Defending fishing along with the economic and social interests involved - over and above food interests - is not the same as defending the right to fish without rules or limits.
I also expressly welcome the fact that the European Union has made a commitment to provide support for capacity building in the timber producing countries, particularly in connection with the implementation of traceability and legality verification systems for timber and wood-based products.
Undoubtedly, it is necessary to provide (and implement) trade defence instruments, intellectual property rights, designation of origin and geographic indications of agricultural products, and to support the internationalisation of small and medium-sized enterprises.
What is really required is for eurozone members to have the political will to deliver on their current obligations.
Fortunately, an amendment tabled by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance provides for an evaluation of the system of allowances, in force since the 2009 elections, as it currently exists.
Complete disclosure and inspection of EU expenditure is essential.
Member States must ensure the adoption of legal measures so that national bodies can decide not to pursue or impose punishments on the victims of human trafficking, and so that they can continue with investigations even when victims withdraw their statements.
(DE) Mr President, I would simply like to ask my fellow Member what the continuous declarations concerning the universality of human rights mean when, in the case of Ukraine, the issue suddenly only concerns internal affairs.
I support Mr Mann's report.
It is therefore extremely important, particularly for the new Member States, to consolidate actions to assist the capacity for the real take-up of available funds, both in the way these funds are utilised, and by exchanging best practice, information campaigns, exchange of new technology and the development of various types of partnership, in such a way as to allow the programme requirements to be transformed into actual, quality programmes for the effective elimination of delays in development, which are a particular problem in the poorest regions of the EU.
Commissioner, I would also like to thank you for reacting very promptly to the signing of certain agreements and I am grateful that the principle of solidarity is deeply rooted at EU level.
Indeed, thanks to this step-by-step integration of Europe, considerable progress has been made, and no one can deny that.
In its resolution of 11 November 2010, Parliament asked the Commission to introduce procedural, administrative and financial simplification measures into the current management of the Seventh Framework Programme, yet these measures have still not been addressed.
It will also increase legal certainty and that is very important, as these are sensitive and difficult areas.
Barriers in these areas have been in place in the Japanese market for decades.
One is that we have a very tight schedule, so the deadlines must be respected by all, and the headline targets will have to be achieved.
Such a law cannot, obviously, be implemented properly.
We do not disagree with that, but I do not think that we can discuss and condemn this attempt at execution without, at the same time, mentioning the more than 900 death sentences that have already been carried out by the Iraqi Presidential Council.
The United States Government had just presented a budget showing a USD 1 600 billion deficit.
Finally, we would like to have very clear cooperation with, and mutual assistance from, Member States' External Action Services, because if these elements are in place, it will allow certain tasks to be performed in countries where a Member State is not represented, but our European service is present.
I am very pleased to note that, in relation to the second year (2010) of funding of the recovery plan for the European economy, a result was achieved in the Conciliation Committee, through the investigation of the 2007-2013 financial framework and a transfer of funds, which guarantees funding amounting to EUR 2.4 billion for next year, and also makes it possible to implement the objectives specified in the economic recovery plan.
This is precisely why I think that the process for funding cohesion projects must be based on rigorous financial discipline, implementation in strategic areas and, last but not least, on the principle of good governance.
I believe that is something that all of us must do throughout our lives, regardless of our role in society.
The Netherlands gives 15 euro cents and the UK 4 euro cents.
We will take these ideas into account in the new consultation phase.
(FR) Mr President, we have brought to your attention an oral amendment concerning paragraph 22.
in writing. - The reaction to the conflict in Gaza has to be more balanced than it currently is.
This same concern has led the European Union, in accordance with the powers laid down in the treaty, to envisage measures aimed at promoting the recovery while also ensuring this budgetary discipline.
I also sense a certain frustration in here about the timetable now.
This agreement however, specifically excludes those who travel for work and remuneration purposes.
During this entire period, the World Food Programme has been facing a 50% drop in international donations compared with 2008, which is having a serious impact on the volume of food aid being supplied to poor countries.
Measures to combat the crisis are indications of this solidarity and we need the flexible advance payments so that these projects, which improve quality of life and create jobs, can be implemented.
in writing. - We must ensure that airport security charges are transparent, objective and based on clear criteria that reflect real costs.
It is very easy to play the hero in the coffee shop, miles and miles away.
This is something I would like to say referring to boat seines, to trawlers and to all types of gear: they have to give us a good example of compliance.
Could I just take the opportunity to say that, when we agreed the wine reform, we did recognise the importance of promoting our products on third-country markets.
Setting an MRL is the first step that must be accomplished before an application can be submitted to the regulatory authorities for authorisation of a veterinary medicine for a food-producing species containing a pharmacologically active substance.
In the meantime, during the Board meeting called on 2 February, the Secretariat of the Global Fund proposed an external review to be carried out by the Global Fund oversight mechanism.
With regard to the issue of Greece, about which there has been most debate and to which most reference has been made, the Presidency-in-Office of the Council has very clear ideas.
One of the fundamental deficiencies of the new legal measure is that it applies not only to the use of the official language but even intervenes more deeply in public, commercial and private life.
I welcome, in particular, the involvement of the European Parliament in this decision-making process as a consequence of the enactment of the Treaty of Lisbon provisions.
I believe that if Shakespeare had written a play about the debate surrounding ACTA, he would have named this one 'Much Ado about Nothing', too.
All the reports being debated today will certainly present us with enormous challenges, and we know that in order to respond to these challenges we also need a sound budget, but we must make a clear distinction between budgetary aspects and policy objectives.
the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction in Lisbon,
They will contribute to sustainable development and job creation.
The European Union and its common foreign and security policy, strengthened by the Treaty of Lisbon, should expand cooperation between the two organisations, because only through such cooperation can common objectives be achieved.
I do not need to elaborate on this, as Mr Böge has already talked about it.
But is it really?
Does it really wish to surrender its independence to the EU, however much it might receive in pieces of silver?
Greece has to take the measures which are necessary, but not with bilateral loans.
A great deal of effort was made as part of the pre-accession strategy to promote the naturalisation and integration of these people, in line with the recommendations of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe and of the Council of Europe.
They also need to have immediate effects that everyone can see.
The second issue is that of the Dell case itself.
A system founded on more transparent, common rules enhances consumer awareness, which is not yet fully mature in this region, but has been known in Western Europe for a long time.
We believe we established it a quarter of a century ago.
It is a sheer waste of time to expand upon proposals for own resources and European taxes.
That has to do with the outcome of the election and the question marks - to put it very mildly - that were raised after that election, as well as the political developments that we have seen since then.
The development of new energy supply routes must be just as important as developing relations with Russia.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, I believe that the regulation will allow us to achieve two main objectives: security on the one hand and a more citizen-friendly approach on the other.
Here in Parliament, we are currently drawing up a new mandate for Frontex and I hope that we will succeed in introducing improvements, including more transparency and specific requirements for the agency to act in accordance with human rights.
Therefore, for us to abandon them to their fate would be a mistake and would make us accomplices, whether active or passive, to the Burmese dictatorship.
These stress tests will be a damning indictment of the ineffective regulation of Europe's banking sector - and Ireland's also - but I say Europe, and I underline that point.
Providing financial guarantees may make this model more attractive to the European business community, thereby ensuring its involvement and the necessary financial support.
I very much welcome the Commission Communication 'The CAP towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future'.
I agree with everything the rapporteur said and I would highlight the fact that, nowadays, energy policy has far more to do, directly and indirectly, with the foreign policy in general both of the Member States and of the Union itself.
The report presents very clear conclusions on the results achieved by Community aid from the time of signing of the agreement until the present: although they could have been more far-reaching, these results have been positive and noteworthy.
In this sense, the report's call for rapid action in relation to youth unemployment is to be welcomed, although there is a lack of concrete detail.
The numbers are astounding - in the millions, not thousands or hundreds of thousands.
Today, it is clear that Al Qa'ida's presence in Afghanistan is no longer the central problem.
I am already looking forward to your proposal.
The time has come for constructive engagement with the democratic forces in Cuba.
This is why we must work on prevention so that we have up-to-date legislation that is effectively applied and prevents natural disasters from occurring.
VAT fraud is a criminal activity which has a huge impact on budgets, with illegal refund schemes being used in all Member States, Romania being no exception (for example, carousel fraud).
Sorry: they are the perpetrators and if they want peace the answer lies in their own hands.
Thank you very much.
The energy used by buildings represents almost one third of the total energy used in the European Union.
This instrument makes a very good complement to our policy for requiring other states to support human rights.
The sector accounts for 3% of GDP, 6% of employment, 8% of national incomes and one-sixth of household expenditure.
For this to happen, we need to question the relevance of international agreements allowing the purchase of fishing licences in developing countries and allowing the fleets of third countries to carry out industrial fishing along their coasts, depriving them of an immense part of their natural resources.
These issues are dealt with in the six negotiating chapters which are being handled under the auspices of the UN.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Mrs Bowles, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the review of the competition horizontal cooperation rules - B7-0565/2010).
We think this is how we can respond to what is, in fact, a certain challenge of our time, and also meet the needs of consumers and workers in the healthcare sector in the countries of the European Union.
We have decided to come forward now with a proposal on a financial transaction tax, one reason being precisely that there is no equivalent of VAT for financial transactions.
While these missions cannot substitute for the responsibility of the state to investigate and prosecute human rights violations, they should help to shed light on the latest elections and their aftermath.
The Member States and the Community need to combine their strength to prevent disasters and their impacts and to ensure a rapid and effective European response to major disasters.
It is very simple; the address is beatrice.ask@justice.ministry.se and Mr Billström's address follows the same format.
However, you are surely aware that, right now in France, an industrial dispute is taking place within a transport company because Polish and French drivers are being pitted against each other in the name of the country of origin principle.
If anything, the benefits are important: for parents and gender equality, for the economy and level of employment, and for children and the future.
However, now these measures must be dismantled cautiously and gradually, because by definition, 'extraordinary measures' must not become the rule.
The relevant working groups have initiated discussions on proposals for the Council's conclusions, based on various contributions.
I would ask the Commission to activate immediately all the necessary mechanisms to compensate the damage to the Spanish and European sector, both financially and in terms of consumer image.
The President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Sedláček, has told us that the Council accepted the proposal at the beginning of last week.
The European Commission proposal establishes a long-term plan for this stock as well as the fisheries exploiting it.
The parliamentary dimension - like civil society contacts - has much to offer in terms of communicating and promoting the fundamental democratic principles and values on which the EU is founded.
On the one hand, during its 12-year existence, the euro has proved to be the most stable of the global currencies.
author. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, here we are talking about a 'camp', which is in actual fact a small town of people who have laid down their weapons on the basis of a difficult political decision; people who have entrusted their own defence, in fact, to the international community.
Similarly, politicians and the press pay attention most often to large companies, which have a lot of money, which have a big voice, although attention ought rather to be paid to others, that is to say, small enterprises.
That is why the proposal to increase cofinancing rates provided for in the context of basic data collection, management and use is being tabled.
These increases in animal feed prices are causing terrible damage to the already difficult situation of many of our livestock farms, which will be unable to pass on the increases in what they sell because of the crisis and are unlikely to be able to absorb them.
Commission communication on Action against Cancer: European Partnership (
We were a country in debt, people were in debt, but we succeeded in dealing with it.
This is EU democracy and it will one day reap its just deserts.
Improving the energy efficiency of buildings - with the goal of achieving near-zero energy houses - will not only reduce energy consumption.
I agree with the liberalisation process for the trade in bananas following the agreements reached in the World Trade Organisation and the bilateral agreements concluded with Central and South American countries.
The countries in the north are the best, with a rate of 16 kg per head of population.
To conclude, I wish Hungary all possible success now that it has taken over the baton of the Presidency.
I understood very well Mrs Fraga's concerns about the legal basis of the proposal and the competence of the European Parliament.
14.
I can tell you to the nearest cent what the impact would be in the most extreme case: congestion would be 65 euro cents per kilometre at the absolute maximum: 65 euro cents in very heavily congested areas, and only for the few kilometres where there was congestion, not the rest of the journey.
It is also and, above all, a matter of human beings.
Our vote against is due to the application of the principle of free movement to health services, without taking account of their specificities, including the need for a public national health service whose primary purpose in each country is to respond to the needs of its citizens.
Given that national public opinion on EU accession has changed considerably since the option presented in the summer of 2009, and the level of opposition to accession has never been so high, I believe that the authorities should organise, in the near future, a broad information campaign about the implications of this process because this will allow Icelanders to have their say during the future referendum on accession, in full possession of the facts.
From the point of view of our work with the Council of Ministers, and of agreements and second readings, this can be done.
This Parliament must therefore remind Member States of their obligations to reinforce their legislations and policies to enable them to combat effectively all forms of violence against women.
On the other hand, I voted in favour of the references to the problems faced by agriculture as a result of climate change, as I believe that the most severely affected regions should be duly compensated.
(The oral amendment was adopted)
I would like to congratulate Mr Cancian on his work.
16.
Request for the waiver of parliamentary immunity: see Minutes
I think the debate we had on SWIFT may clarify matters.
What is certain is that if the EU wishes to move towards a democratic structure different from that of today, relations between the Commission and Parliament will have to improve and intensify.
In November of last year, I wrote to Mr Reinfeldt, who was President of the European Council at the time, with a request to postpone the decision and for the European Parliament's decision to be taken into account, in accordance with the Treaty of Lisbon.
We finally need a clear definition of the right to asylum, which is closely linked to the Geneva Convention, in order to bring an end to economic migration.
When faced by the tight budgets in the Member States, it is completely incomprehensible that the Council is refusing to discuss the own resources with Parliament.
There is already a wide range of Community instruments which can play their part in providing support, not least in the area of new technology, for example in the development of clean cars.
And do not even hope to achieve your goals if you participate at plenary sittings with such levels of activity.
I believe that this is a positive development and have had no qualms in supporting the rapporteur.
Today, Parliament has voted in favour of the agreement proposed by the Commission regarding, on the one hand, financial mechanisms for the period 2009-2014 between the European Union and Iceland, the Principality of Liechtenstein and Norway, and on the other hand, an agreement between the European Union and Norway.
This can be achieved in industry, private households, heating and other areas, such as oil-powered generation of electricity, but clearly, one area remains sensitive: the transport sector.
Both sides recognise that enhancing the innovative potential of our industries and our workforces is essential for the creation of jobs and growth and therefore for a successful emergence of the coming crisis.
We do not need to be pressurised regarding our corporation tax and we particularly do not need lectures from people like Mr Sarkozy, who seems very cosy with an effective rate of 8.2% in France, while our effective rate is actually 11.9%.
Budgetary choices, which are key to determining the path each country will follow, according to its specific characteristics, its interests and the will of its people, are under threat.
Moldova is in need of financial and political support at the moment.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the consequences of using antibiotics to treat animal diseases are well known and increasingly worrying.
This fact may also be the reason that all the national social inclusion programmes have completely failed.
The vote will take place next.
We appreciate that.
However, I need an assurance from the Commissioner.
Today, middle-aged women wishing to join the labour market are often faced with the problem of a lack of qualifications or experience, since a considerable number of them stayed at home in order to look after their families, due to the high costs of childcare.
(DE) Mr President, just now the interpreter asked for Article 20 and not for Article 22 which makes it difficult to do what you intend.
We are not talking about Parliament's money, but taxpayers' money.
(DE) Violence, incidentally - and I say this to the previous speaker - is unfortunately not only occurring in Serbia, but in Kosovo, too.
I would like to make the point that we need that in the European Union, too, where certain recent ministerial statements, in my view, have not helped that.
In truth, you are inflicting harm on the European Union, on the entire European Community.
To what extent is the common agricultural policy already implementing the requirements of climate protection, and what instruments can be applied in the CAP in this area in the future?
We are counting on you not to let this simply pass unchallenged.
Market surveillance is also key, when it comes to online gambling.
in writing. - I am supportive of extending the coastal limits from 12 to 20 miles as one of the key reforms of the CFP.
Preventive measures, such as the training of public officials and the introduction of coordinators in the Member States, constitute major steps in the right direction.
As the ECR amendment to remove the paragraph supporting progress towards a European Public Prosecutor was rejected, the ECR abstained on the final vote.
Written statements for entry in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
We grant the working group the freedom to submit any necessary recommendations.
Mr President, the events of the past months in Belarus clearly show how civil and political rights continue to be violated systematically by the government.
Commissioner, I would pick up on question 4 - an excellent question - suggesting that the Commission bring bee diseases into the veterinary policy.
Today I saw on television Sepp Blatter and John Fahey, the Chairman of WADA, discussing how anti-doping and football competitions could go hand in hand after the code of conduct has been adopted, and there is a problem.
It is for this crucial debate that the European Parliament is calling and it is in these substantive discussions that, as the representatives directly elected by 500 million Europeans, we intend to fully participate, even if this displeases certain governments who wish to deny us this right.
There is already the tendency for actions to be targeted at financial and audit institutions.
The term frozen has a notion of appeasement.
in writing. - (DE) The recent storms across Madeira, parts of Spain and France took a heavy toll with over 40 deaths on Madeira, another 60 in France, countless missing persons and extensive property damage.
Our thoughts continue to be with their family, and we praise the ongoing efforts of the UK Foreign Office, who are using all possible connections in East Africa to negotiate the pair's speedy release.
Institutional issues are extremely important.
What did we want to achieve?
These agencies play a pivotal role in the functioning of financial markets, but ratings appear to be too cyclical, too reliant on the general market mood rather than on fundamentals - regardless of whether market mood is too optimistic or too pessimistic.
Obviously, there are still quite a lot of youngsters working in agriculture.
I share the opinion of the rapporteur and the Commission that statistics on crops are essential for the evaluation of the common agricultural policy and the management of EU markets in these goods.
- Sánchez Presedo report
According to Article 49 of the EU Treaty: 'Any European State... may apply to become a member of the Union'.
We have strived to do the opposite, because at a time when the situation in the Middle East is worse than ever, we have established an instrument whose aim is for the region as a whole to contribute to political, economic and social development, as a basic framework for resolving conflicts.
The upcoming Polish Presidency of the EU has, therefore, a particular responsibility to bring justice to a man who has been subjected to torture, unlawful detention and now faces an unfair trial before a military tribunal.
As far as the European Social Fund is concerned, experience shows that funding the economic measures of the European Regional Development Fund can be more effective if it is better coordinated and is integrated into the activities performed by this fund.
Whether we like it or not, all human activities have an impact on the environment, and such a provision is disproportionate in this context.
This is all the more shocking, given that this law came about without the Prime Minister even being consulted.
In order for this ground to be covered as soon as possible, I think that it is essential, as in so many other aspects linked to energy and other issues, that efforts are focused on research.
Europe is in a state of social imbalance.
At the same time, I think that the proposal to increase the cofinancing percentage is an absolute necessity in the current credit crisis. I strongly believe that this will increase the rate of use of these funds.
They are so vulnerable, and it is so sad to see that they are exposed to this danger.
Not only should the Member States adopt the proposal already put forward to reinforce Frontex, but it is also important to step up the logistical response: more planes and more ships are indispensable and we cannot currently provide them from our budget at European level.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality has provided a good contribution here towards ensuring a social Europe, and I would like to sincerely thank both of the rapporteurs, Mrs Estrela and Mrs Lulling.
Third, we must establish regular consultation at European Union level with non-governmental organisations.
We see that basically, this is really a political debate.
(The President interrupted the speaker)
Climate change cannot be resolved on the issue of emissions alone.
I would stress that excellence in law making must be Parliament's main priority.
Notwithstanding these concerns, we must act in concert to address the common threat of climate change and environmental pollution.
Georgia is of particular strategic importance in the Black Sea region for energy security, as supply routes such as the Nabucco gas pipeline, the Baku-Tbilisi oil pipeline and the oil terminal at Supsa are closely linked to the stability of this country.
This is a good sign, and European producers and consumers who care about quality have been calling for it for years.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to begin by sincerely thanking all those with whom I have had the opportunity to work on this issue.
A series of international initiatives highlighted broad support by policy makers and experts from the fields of economics, environmental protection and civil society for the development of indicators to complement GDP, providing more comprehensive information to support policy making.
The major shortcomings concern enhancing protection and biodiversity conservation and indicate that 66% of forest habitats have an unfavourable status.
25 November is the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, as instituted by the UN 11 years ago.
He said that, when Henry Kissinger was criticised for the United States' isolationist stance, particularly in relation to the European Union, he replied 'There is no fellow foreign minister nor a phone number I can call to speak to Europe'.
I voted against them because I firmly believe that in cases where we require more control, it is a good idea to implement this simultaneously and to the same degree for all Member States, and not only for one or two of them.
By then, I hope that we will have had more success in requiring mutuality in our relationships with third countries.
Southern Sudan is set to become the fifty-fourth state in Africa on 9 July.
We are deeply concerned because Europe finds itself in the midst of a growing and multiplying crisis of confidence.
That would be a signal of our support for the International Criminal Court, as well as a positive example for other governments.
in writing. - I welcome this report, which has provisions to allow a greater volume of euro cash to travel to countries which are due to adopt the euro to cope with demand.
The work is performed on a case-by-case basis, according to need.
18.
This is simply a temporary measure, justified by an urgent situation.
The whole of world philosophy, all of literature, everyone with an education, and all of us here in this House, recognise human rights and yet, as you said, half the UN members are in breach of human rights.
I have also seen a very interesting report from the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance that compares our intentions when carrying out democracy building with how they are perceived by our partners.
Some of you referred to the digital economy and how much we could improve life in Europe if we used more e-services, e-government or e-commerce, and these are new areas in which we have to engage more.
My confidence that we will decide to adopt this document at first reading is not diminished if I point out a couple of risks: the risk that Parliament's work will continue to suffer pressure from the national governments, and the risk that we will be reinforcing the 'evil stepmother' face of Europe.
I would like to quickly raise another point.
I would like to refer specifically to events in Budapest on 23 October 2006 as we witnessed a mass violation of human rights when violent actions and abuses were committed by the police against innocent people attending a peaceful commemoration.
Calls on the United States, in implementing its domestic monetary policies, not to exacerbate the problem of the global balance of exchange rates.
We are really only asking you for one thing: to set your sights higher.
The aim of this new instrument is to reduce energy consumption and increasing usage of our own energy sources, such as wind, sun, water and biomass, thereby reducing our overall dependence on imported energy.
I would particularly like to express my congratulations for taking the approach of essentially leaving things as they are in these guidelines, because there is one principle that is very important, namely reliability and calculability on the part of the European legislator.
20.
My colleagues and I believe that our first priority is to evaluate what this proposal will do for consumers and business in real practical terms.
We have to show that we know how to overcome crises.
It should be noted, however, that their popularity is also a function of the size of the budget available to each of these research areas of FP7 and, also, the number and type of signed grant agreements present in the databases at the time of such assessment.
It constitutes and expands our policy of constructive unilateralism.
Small will be bigger tomorrow and give new jobs and more prosperity.
We have also provided you, in particular in the area of cohesion, with more information than last year, because last year we said that at least 11% of the funds should not have been paid; this year, we are able to say that the most likely error estimated is indeed over 5%, which we could not say last year, and that at least 3% of the funds should not have been reimbursed.
Basically, the great difficulty here is what to do.
Prevention and settlement of conflicts of jurisdiction in criminal proceedings (debate)
In conclusion, let me present my opinion on the amendments tabled.
This amount, which will be useful in the very short term, does not resolve, as many have already said, the long-term issues concerning the way in which the planned end of quotas is dealt with.
Political assassinations and violence by the prosecuting authorities continue.
The Council will say: fair enough, but there are practical objections.
Every year, 50 000 European women are diagnosed with cervical cancer and 25 000 die from this disease.
It is a position that aims to develop the role that the Service can carry out as a bridge between the Community dimension of the Union's external action and the intergovernmental dimension of the common foreign and security policy, as laid down in Title V of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Yes, we could have gone further.
This EIG would enable major projects - projects relating to distribution networks, to low-carbon energy production, to research and security - to be undertaken within a context of cooperation.
They require different political and economic priorities.
That means lifting martial law and involving all democratic forces in the steps that are now being taken.
(Written statement abbreviated in accordance with Rule 149)
Even strong euro area countries need the stability mechanism because of the interconnectedness of the banking system and sovereign debt.
In this context, achieving a high level of harmonisation in the rules on construction products is a goal that Europe must force itself to achieve as soon as possible.
We talk about this in the report.
We welcome Belgrade's recent efforts to understanding these challenges.
In the quality system used for agri-foodstuffs which we are overhauling, we will also give farmers the possibility of using their products better to convey all the work they do and all the elements that must be taken into account, including issues related to biodiversity.
And yet, within hours, there were a number of sites, across the Internet, glorifying those hideous murders and praising those who had carried them out.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the German conservative group (CSU) would like to see clear and practical rules for the protection of non-smokers being introduced throughout Europe.
(PL) Mr President, in your statement you said that you are expressing the opinion of the Bureau and the majority of Parliament.
Do not throw good money after bad.
We had a roll-call vote on this and we will analyse whether we nonetheless captured some support in the ALDE Group.
As far as I am concerned, Parliament is a crucial partner in this.
Bees are essential for the pollination of crops, for maintaining the ecological balance, and as a way of preserving biodiversity.
The fact that one businessman obtains a grant to construct a factory building and the other does not, will logically lead to a distortion of the market.
Is the Commission planning - and, in this regard, I would like a clear answer please, not excuses with details and judicial arguments - to take specific action against WikiLeaks in order once again to act as a willing agent of the United States on the sensitive subject of data transfer and to behave as such?
That tool is the Court, and the Court should be supported, both financially and politically.
We have buildings in Beaulieu, we have buildings on the Rue de Genève and some others also.
Through Mr Barrot, the Commission essentially adopted our proposals and we actually finalised them through the legislative process.
I want to assure Members of the House that preserving the environment and dialogue with the relevant populations - indigenous and non-indigenous - are paramount to the approach that we want to take.
There are currently 21 European Union countries that have been in this situation, which is the logical consequence of the essential intervention because, amongst other things, as I said before, in Europe there are social protection systems that mean that the most vulnerable people have to receive help from the public coffers.
Now that it has reached the end of its Presidency, what specific successes were achieved by the Council and in which fields?
The second point that I am very pleased with in this report is the fact that it makes it very clear, according to the principle of subsidiarity, that the Member States themselves are responsible for pension provision.
(FR) Mr President, my colleague, Mr Häfner, has mentioned some of the conditions for ensuring that this initiative is, as he said, feasible, credible and legitimate.
(IT) Mr President, the 'polluter pays' principle is, without doubt, essential for resolving environmental problems aggravated by European industrial development.
In fact, we are rejoining NATO even though the Cold War has been over since 1990.
In other words, it is not 36% of the payments that are in error, but 36% of the payments in the sample.
It is in the joint declaration that we carry the strong political message in support of speeding up the granting of free visas to all the people of the Western Balkans.
It is hitting every business, every worker, every homeowner and every family too.
To enable us to cope with current and future problems, new indicators need to be devised which will complement and further refine GDP.
To make this cooperation as effective as possible so that it achieves the expected results, it should be regulated and transparent.
Finally, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on a successful and comprehensive report, and to thank her for her excellent cooperation.
I believe we can also say that this is a problem that must be tackled from a European perspective.
Mr Saryusz-Wolski, Mr Vigenin, Mr Piotrowski, Mr Poręba and others all raised the very important issue of geographical balance.
There is no alternative.
I know that you listen to arguments.
If you compare the two markets, you have to observe that the South Korean market, of course, is much smaller than the European one, and that means that you are comparing apples with oranges.
We also need binding rules to combat this problem.
If you have not seen it with your own eyes you cannot imagine how much the people of Gaza are suffering and how urgent it is to reach a peaceful, definitive solution to the conflict.
If ever there was a time to revive the idea of a Europe of the railways, it is today, with the crisis that we have gone through.
It also means, however, that the likes of relief for heavy road-users, which are still in existence, need to be abolished, as what this does is give extra reward to polluters for polluting.
Written explanations of vote
Hence I regret the passing of that programme, particularly since nothing comparable has taken its place.
I would like to take this opportunity to wish him every success in his new job.
Unfortunately, this is not the case at the moment in Europe and the world.
This system will contribute to better performance in the areas of public health and safety, as well as administrative operations.
Examples of these areas include the evaluation of information on recommended medication in the case of a health emergency, especially in pandemic situations, and the preparation and evaluation of scientific studies - independent of the pharmaceutical industry - of recommended target groups on the effectiveness, safety, and risk-benefit relationship of vaccines and antiviral medications.
Therefore, Commissioner, I would like to hear your views on our proposal for a European road map for LGBT rights.
Transparency is in vogue in casino capitalism.
But be warned: we, the people, are onto you.
How can it be that a project of this magnitude is being managed without a transparent risk analysis?
It is an opportunity to help small businesses that must not be missed.
17.
This exposes the double standards of many countries in the European Union, who rightly demand that candidate states uphold human rights, but themselves trample on human rights within the European Union.
Very soon, we will have a new treaty at our disposal, and we must get the European Union on track for a common and rapid departure from the crisis, for acting on behalf of the citizens and for strengthening the EU's position in the world.
Having concluded the vote so quickly, I thought I would be more flexible with fellow Members who have run over their allotted time.
You have been a cautious matador; I will be a cautious bull and I will remain in my enclosure.
I would expect support and protests from Mr Schulz and from other socialist and left-wing members, because this would show that we are concerned with standards and not political point-scoring.
So, as well as looking at racism and xenophobia, is the Commission focused on how it deals with the abuse of the Internet by terrorist parasites?
This schism arose at a time when the country was highly politicised, at a time when the Bulgarian Orthodox Church, like many other structures, had to uphold its position in the democratic face of Bulgaria.
Failure to declare domestic care or cleaning services deprives these workers of the chance of a decent living and, especially, a decent pension.
I hope quiet diplomacy will not mean consent to the breaking of agreements made on behalf of Russia with representatives of the European Union.
This is something that Zimbabwe has unquestionably neglected, regardless of whether the reasons that they have given are acceptable or not.
As there is no need for this, I would like an explanation as to why you encouraged the new Commissioner for Health to simply ignore the concerns of the World Health Organisation with regard to the feeding trials and why you did not wait until the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) had submitted the new guidelines that it has produced precisely for the purpose of assessing the overall risks to biodiversity and the biosphere posed by GMOs, and why, en passant, you also increased the contamination limit for feed and food potatoes to 0.9%.
These are the realistic ways of tackling climate change.
The agreement has in fact generated 230 crew jobs for the population of the Seychelles, 2 900 jobs in the Seychelles and 760 induced jobs in Europe in areas related to the sector.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, first of all I would like to thank Members of Parliament for this very dedicated debate.
We should therefore also improve our mechanisms for dialogue and coordination with the United States.
We want to have an action plan that covers cooperation on key issues - science, technology and innovation, environment, climate change and so on.
Both the Labour Party and the Conservative Party pledged to have a vote on the Lisbon Treaty.
Given the present gas crisis in Europe, it must be underlined that Belarus has proved a particularly stable partner as regards the transit of gas supplies to the European Union.
Ideally, no patient should have to leave their home country to get medical treatment, but in those cases where it is necessary, they should be able to do so knowing what they are entitled to in terms of treatment and reimbursement.
This House is aware that the Irish state coffers are bare.
This network connects national drug information networks, specialist centres in the Member States and the information systems of international organisations working with the Centre.
the smooth integration of immigrants.
I would like to draw Parliament's attention to the fact that in Romania, even now, there is an ongoing process, using subtle methods, of homogenising and making Transylvania Romanian by artificially altering the ethnic proportions.
We cannot afford to think small; we cannot afford to let inflexibility get in our way.
That will be possible, firstly, through ensuring that young people are guaranteed jobs and, secondly, through making good use of the contribution that older people can still make to society, notably in terms of voluntary work and of their continuing to work beyond the established retirement age.
It was a commendable initiative at the beginning, but the text as it is contradicts the stated goals: it is both discriminatory, because the basic principle of equal treatment for all is not respected, and restrictive, since several categories of workers are excluded.
I would advise my Latvian friends to follow the example of Finland, which was oppressed by Sweden for centuries, and yet Finland never took revenge on Swedish-speaking Finnish citizens.
Yes, we agree with those Members who want greater commitment to reform.
Meanwhile, France is selling Mistrals to Russia, despite the fact that the Sarkozy plan has not been implemented, and, at the same time, France is giving its support to the North European Gas Pipeline.
The Uighurs are not a minority, they are a people just like the Swedes, who happen to be smaller in number than the Han Chinese.
It is important to emphasise the significance for a successful economic recovery of measures to support employment and business.
In addition, mine workers and their families may lose their confidence in the political process where such decisions are made which affect them directly, if they are made at an inappropriate time.
Nothing is new under the sun.
He should sign it forthwith.
The case of Ai Weiwei in China
Thus, in 2006, for example, it was possible to provide support to around 13 million people from 15 Member States by means of various aid measures.
Let our Member State governments get their act together in dealing with those children.
In addition, the instrument for stability will provide EUR 7 million for elections, legislative support and social and physical rehabilitation.
I think it is necessary to develop effective coordination of research between the EU and national and regional authorities.
We saw similar scenes in my home country, the United Kingdom, last year when Excel Airways went bankrupt, leaving over 200 000 people out of pocket, without compensation and stranded at a whole host of airports throughout Europe, with it costing them even more money to find accommodation and flights home.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (HU) Madam President, the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats is of the view that one of the most important pillars of European transport policy is intelligent transport technology.
- Report: Schmitt
It may gravely impact on respiratory health and increase the incidence of vector-borne diseases.
In view of the close geographical proximity of Member States with Russia, the European Union should strive to achieve closer cooperation with our eastern neighbours under the right conditions.
That would be quite right.
Cooperation would cease and national security would be put at risk.
So far, the European Union has fallen short of the expectations and ambitions it should have.
Once again this summer, forest fires have devastated the south of France.
The main winner is agriculture, particularly the establishment of a dairy fund of EUR 300 million.
Now these new stress tests are improved under the EBA but there are still issues being avoided due to guarding and prevarication by Member States.
The latest of these scares is of course that, if we do not cough up green taxes, we will all boil to death - reminiscent of the medieval religions, is it not, which played the same game: pay up or burn in hell.
The measures undertaken by ICCAT must be carefully monitored.
Of course, it is the third entities - European citizens, people who are perfectly innocently accessing the internet, young people, people who are curious - who will be the targets and who will be damaged by this data regime.
We should also concentrate all our mental energies and our financial resources on investing in renewable energy.
How would you address that problem and the fact that the courts cannot take into account the prima facie evidence, or lack of it, against an accused person?
It is important that Members of the European Parliament raise the persecuted activists' names when they travel to China and when meeting their Chinese counterparts, and that they insist on a prison visit.
Implementation of the first railway package Directives (
What I am trying to understand, therefore, is this: what is the point of such a statement and for whom is it ultimately intended?
Doing so simply takes resources from the Member States, creates yet another new EU body with its own staff and adds yet more bureaucracy.
The collection and preservation of the artistic and cultural heritage of European Union Member States, by establishing a multimedia platform that gathers together images, sounds and videos to create a resource that is simultaneously a library, a museum and an archive: this is the aim of the Europeana project which, launched in 2008, is now putting European artistic heritage online thanks to the contribution of more than 1 000 cultural institutions.
Last week Romanian, Hungarian and Bulgarian speakers took part in the public hearing that, in connection with the Prague Declaration, placed the crimes of Communism on the agenda.
International trade agreements should represent an opportunity for the EU to encourage its partners to adopt social and environmental standards.
I consider restrictive measures and sanctions as an important instrument of EU policy in the areas of foreign and security policy as well as, of course, in questions of justice and the defence of fundamental human rights.
The ESF is a key factor in European social cohesion, supporting as it does employment, the integration of workers into the labour market and vocational training.
It is hard to place a value on intangible assets, such as trademarks and patents.
in writing. - (NL) As the European Parliament, we have to make sure that the EU's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) does not reinforce the current trend of judges of the European Court of Justice and of the European Court of Human Rights overruling decisions taken democratically by Member States, in the areas of asylum and immigration, for example.
One example is the Canary Islands and the people who live there.
The European Union delegation continues to monitor the situation closely, together with the EU Member States' missions represented in Uganda, as well as with partner countries like Norway and the United States and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
We have a great deal to learn from one another, and we can learn a great deal from one another.
Further steps and measures will still need to be taken before this crisis is overcome.
These harmful traditional practices affect many girls and women in Europe on a daily basis.
It is a question of no pain, no gain.
Our neighbours will thus be pushed into Russia's sphere of influence, marked by destabilisation and authoritarianism.
Single payment scheme and support to vine-growers (
Therefore, not only must the Commission's negotiating mandate relate to the convention itself, to all the protocols and agreements already enshrined by the Charter of Fundamental Rights, but we must make a commitment very quickly to accede to all the legal instruments of the ECHR in order to have a coherent system for the protection of human rights.
I think we have a golden opportunity to discuss this quality issue that is also linked to how we promote our products in the Third World, how we explain to consumers what they get when they buy European.
Unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries (
The EU needs to provide active support in order to influence the balance between economic development and environmental protection.
I am looking forward to working with Parliament in the next phases to make this work.
I believe that there is also very broad agreement on the need to intensify, as far as possible, the actions of both banks in those countries particularly affected or hit by the crisis, both within the European Union and beyond our borders.
Mr President, not for the first time in this Chamber, I feel that I have fallen through some kink in the space-time continuum, some warp or tunnel that has led me back to the 1970s.
The Heads of State or Government of the euro area and the European institutions in particular have also made it clear that they stand ready to do whatever is required to ensure the stability of the euro area as a whole.
For the sake of consistency, I do not believe that we can forbid our farmers from using a technique that we then tolerate in the production of imports.
Without a strong powerful EU with competence in Common Foreign and Security Policy I do not believe we will get the US and Japan, China and India, to take the necessary measures.
Focussing on this is a way of escaping our responsibility.
This new process started in January 2011 with the presentation of the Commission's annual growth survey.
Thirdly, we are entering an oral question on the ban on the use of cyanide mining technologies as the third item on the agenda in the afternoon immediately after the debates on SWIFT and PNR (this is about passenger name records).
Europe is the only continent to have specific, ambitious legislation for reducing CO2 emissions.
Explanations of vote
We need to send out a very strong political signal to express our absolute rejection of this intolerable theocratic dictatorship.
The European citizens' initiative is one of the most innovative provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon and a first step toward direct democracy.
The debate is closed.
Unfortunately, this has not happened.
Finally, I agree with Mr Schlyter's statement that we need to take special account of the health of children, who are more susceptible to health risks because of the significant potential for a high level of exposure.
Our objective must be to provide equal healthcare, without intervention on the part of the European Union in social security systems and without aiming to commercialise the health sector.
Commissioner, you have an obligation to save European taxpayers' money.
Member of the Commission. - We are trying to respond to this request.
As you will understand, I would not want this high level of consumer protection to be compromised.
European institutions do indeed have a stabilising role in overcoming the crisis in those Member States most severely affected, and Latvia knows this.
I am also clear about the fact that we should not use Turkmenistan and the Interim Agreement as a hostage in order to shift the balance of power between the European institutions.
The opportunity for researchers living in the new Member States to obtain support, as compared to those in the old Member States, is infinitesimal.
It is also essential to provide Natura 2000 with the financial means for its management and the effective pursuit of its objectives.
This is undoubtedly an extraordinarily positive factor for the job in hand, and highlights our shared European desire, the combined effort and the work that we are prepared to continue to do focused on the very difficult times we are living through as we confront the economic crisis.
This block contains intervention and support measures that we oppose, including various stockpiling measures - such as for alcohol - and extensive EU support for the wine sector.
(Calls of 'off the subject' from the Chamber)
In what ways is the Commission working to prevent the growth of protectionist tendencies in its international trade negotiations?
The Council has asked the Commission to develop a platform which is not limited to poverty, but which genuinely introduces a broader dynamic for dealing with the fight against exclusion and the role of social welfare.
I know that you are of Italian origin, so once again, thank you.
The European Parliament has brought an end to the long legislative procedure on the Consumer Rights Directive by adopting the Schwab report, which is a satisfactory compromise with the Council and the Commission.
Finally, what will the consequences be if you find errors and weak points?
The Commission has just given us a communication on the budget review in which it sets out the lines for several years to come, but it does not explain how we will be able to make ends meet in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
It is not right for the Greek Government to keep on insisting that other States in the euro provide the solution because they were supposedly partly responsible for the current crisis in Greece.
They arrive in Lampedusa - we have seen the problems that have arisen there - or try to reach Greece via Turkey, exploiting the facility not to apply for a visa based on the agreements which many of these third countries have with Turkey.
rapporteur. - (EL) Mr President, as the debate was not held for technical reasons, allow me to say a couple of words before the vote.
So I look forward to working in partnership with Prime Minister Orbán and with the Hungarian Presidency to make sure that it is a successful one.
By not granting discharge, MEPs sent a strong message to the management of all EU agencies that Parliament will not tolerate shoddy accounting, or spurious spending.
That was the slogan of the time and I think it was a slogan we will surely all agree with.
That is precisely why the report places a great deal of emphasis and the rapporteur quite rightly states at the end of her report that we need specific harmonisation measures from the Commission.
They represent the general interest, and should therefore be distinguished from lobbyists who defend individual interests.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Adjournment of the session
There is a wider lesson to learn from this.
Of course, no country is without its faults.
Protection for our undertakings abroad must be our priority.
During this phase, we have just gathered details of the national programmes developed by the Member States, and after analysing these and looking at the practical solutions and undertakings they made, we will be able to come forward with further suggestions.
In this respect, the fate awaiting the food aid programmes targeting the most impoverished populations is symptomatic.
Education cannot be at the mercy of the logic of the market.
Rather, we must look clearly at the problems, at the distortions that still exist in the various European spending areas and use these data to take new, determined steps forward, thereby making the management of our finances more efficient and transparent.
The present conflict also shows that this kind of geopolitical influence is more important to Russia than good relations with the EU.
(ES) I am not the only one, Madam President, but thank you.
At Council many Member States have also voiced concerns about the proposal.
Does this mean that, once these lorries are full, they decide to make a detour around Austria, perhaps to avoid the stricter monitoring rules that are in place there in comparison with the surrounding countries?
So far as I am aware, the European Parliament did not set up a special committee to deal with that.
I would like therefore to endorse its positions and its decisions.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Mr Barroso, you will understand that, as the leader of a group in this House, I am, of course, pleased that we women have succeeded in making the women at the top of the European Union more visible.
I consider that to be absolutely unacceptable.
I feel that agriculture chapters will constitute an important issue for both parties in these negotiations.
Victims of terrorism are victims of attacks perpetrated against the democratic values of our societies.
I voted in favour of this resolution, because the review of the Eastern Dimension of the European Neighbourhood Policy includes such fundamental goals as democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, a market economy, sustainable development and good governance.
May I also thank Commission President Barroso for his remarks, particularly to remind us of the importance of jobs and especially of the need to focus on those unfortunate people who do not yet have one.
(The oral amendment was accepted)
The second question pointed to the problem of defining eligibility in the current regulation.
(FR) We have taken note of your point.
Firstly, the so-called Economic Partnership Agreements, which we have been imposing on developing countries despite their resistance, and which severely constrain these countries' tax systems, along with causing other severe damage.
These policies need fundamental change; we must finally open a new chapter.
That is what will lend credibility to the whole thing.
The best argument against this is the situation of the Member States which have proceeded with this action domestically.
This requires changes and the creation of a genuine, unified, united and cohesive Europe.
I agree with a common visa policy that facilitates legitimate travel and implements measures aimed at facilitating the process of lodging and processing visa applications (reduced costs, simplified issue procedure, use of visas for multiple entries, longer periods of validity).
Absolutely not.
Great!
You have broken down more barriers in a fortnight than in all the previous years put together, and I want to encourage you to continue along the same lines.
Thus, the compromise improves the definition of 'energy-related products' by clarifying which products could be covered by implementing measures, such as window-insulation materials or some water-using products like showerheads or taps.
At the meeting of Directors-General organised by the Belgian Presidency last September as a remedy to the absorption problems, notably, to the problem of access to capital, the Commission recommended financial engineering techniques such as the use of facilitators or the simplification of procedures and application forms.
Thank you very much for your support.
I regret that the resolution was not adopted without all the necessary scientific checks having been made, even though the systematic review of evidence regarding DHA and neurological development in infants published by the Cochrane Library in 2008 found that feeding term infants with milk formula enriched with DHA and other similar long-chain fatty acids has no proven benefit in terms of vision, cognition or physical growth.
In principle, of course, this has its basis in law.
We appreciate the fact that Georgia is determined to continue with its democratic reforms and is particularly resolute about a second wave of reforms.
I can understand its reluctance to reveal unnecessarily information about people's origins or opinions.
Genuine simplification should allow greater access to funds both for the local communities and small organisations that need them.
In the end, it is, of course, up to each Member State to decide if they are willing to receive an ex-detainee from Guantánamo, but the debate has shown that cooperation at a European level is evidently very, very desirable.
He has turned again to the most shameful features of his dictatorship.
Putting money into a bottomless pit at will without accompanying measures can be dangerous.
We will be discussing it at an equality summit in Stockholm on 16-17 November.
Over two years of negotiations have shown that it is politically very difficult to reach an agreement on the whole directive on the basis of what was proposed by the Commission.
When I learnt about the content of this proposed legislation and when I heard reports about the sad fate of homosexuals in Uganda, Sudan, Iran and Nigeria, to mention just a few examples, I realised how deplorably deep-rooted homophobia still is in many cultures, in blatant violation of those countries' human rights obligations.
It is not something that can be taken for granted, but it deserves particular emphasis in this case.
When we speak of accountability and transparency, we must start with ourselves and that means all of the EU institutions.
(Loud applause)
We should not try and do everything.
The Council, above all, should be aware of this, since we have already heard the representatives of Germany, France and Great Britain talk about trying to freeze the EU budget, through which we would surely slow down European growth.
The Commission has proposed strengthening the governance of the Schengen area, thereby reinforcing Member States' confidence and trust in the effective management of our external borders.
The protection of the rights of the women who have been or could be victims of violence and murders and the prevention of such acts cannot be subordinated to a few legal issues.
There is a further worrying development.
the Commission statement on workers' participation in companies with a European Statute.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I would like to thank the honourable Members for the number of points that they have raised.
Why suddenly change it to 0.9%?
12.
We must make every effort to ensure that existing financing facilities are effectively implemented both at national and EU levels, simplifying administrative procedures and making it easier to use the Structural Funds.
This policy statement was approved by the European Parliament itself.
Moving in this direction provides us with the freedom to prioritise and with a helpful way of combining a career with family life, thereby establishing the sound, harmonious basis for sharing equality and responsibility between the sexes.
On the contrary, it should be upheld and should be the foundation of our thinking on our common security.
A fundamental element of that economic union is a strategy for growth and creating high-quality employment, which is essentially the purpose of this debate.
Most importantly, an immediate and permanent cease-fire.
Today's votes are therefore, in my view, an opportunity to point out that the European budget is not just an accounting tool that everyone finds daunting: it is, first and foremost, the 'power' behind the European Union that enables it to work day in day out to protect its citizens, and particularly through the EGF, to protect unemployed workers.
(ET) The report concerning urban traffic and the action plan in that area earned my vote, because urban transport plays a very important role in EU freight and passenger transport.
However, I wish to point out that members of the Commission are not there to represent countries.
However, important points contained in the initial motion for a resolution by the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left are missing from the joint motion for a resolution.
The Uighurs of Xinjiang Province have suffered more than most, particularly since the occupation of East Turkestan by the People's Republic of China in 1949.
I think that we require, first and foremost, major investments in every kind of infrastructure, be it transport, energy or telecommunications.
At the moment, these tendencies are frequent and widespread.
Furthermore, the 'purchasing power' of the additional money is very different in comparison in the individual Member States and this should also be taken into account in a report that is still to be drawn up on the results following the introduction of the new rules for MEPs assistants.
Let me finish with the question of long-term sustainability.
(ET) Over the past nine years, 77 airlines have filed for bankruptcy.
What should the West in fact be doing to prevent the threat?
I am therefore very interested in keeping you closely involved in the further discussions on this important subject, and look forward to our brief debate now.
I voted in favour of this resolution, which has the merit of simplifying the existing system concerning the labelling of textile products, as well as encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres and shortening the time between the submission of an application and the adoption of a new fibre name.
Every time the European agenda is subverted by a national agenda, this cannot be interpreted as a position of national responsibility but as being in conflict with the values for which Bulgarian citizens voted their representatives into the European Parliament.
In that respect, you are a genuine representative of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
I think we have to be careful there to keep the neutrality of the EU humanitarian response, even if it is sometimes difficult in crisis areas.
This new economic governance comes after a crisis, a rude crisis in the form of the Member States' public debt.
on behalf of the PPE Group. - Mr President, High Representative, Commissioner, I would like to welcome first of all Commissioner Piebalgs' detailed and positive statement on the situation and his conclusions that the financial instruments are working well.
That is why the Christians deserve our support.
The sustainable development of European aquaculture demands substantial support for scientific research and technological development in the area of farming native species, so as to enable the production and supply of foodstuffs to be diversified and quality to be improved, while also guaranteeing greater environmental security.
Side effects are reported, but there is little research into the effectiveness of medicines.
It is all very well, Commissioner, to address the problem of Directive 2001/55/EC and everything that Frontex is doing, but Europe must ask itself what it wants to do about the Mediterranean and the whole of Africa.
We must use every opportunity to create more competition in markets dominated by large market participants and create a more vibrant marketplace.
Regardless of whether people are wearing red, black, yellow or green shirts, they must stop the violence and not allow the situation to escalate any further.
The problem now is to find out how we can implement all the report's recommendations.
We must not lose sight of the fact that the euro, this protective screen we have built around our economies, did not just fall into our laps.
I find it a little strange that we should have such a long and hard debate and then hear calls for another delay.
It was largely due to Ireland's incorporated banks, regulator and government, not the Irish people - but the Irish people are now being forced to pay the price and the burden is too large.
Instead of discrimination, we now have a set of simple requirements.
It would be a positive sign if France and others were to ratify the Charter of Minority and Regional Languages, if Slovakia were to retract its measures discriminating against minorities (see the language law) and if Greece were to admit that minorities do live in its territory and guarantee their rights as individuals and communities.
It has led to a depletion of fishing stocks and ever more fishermen are complaining about the lack of quota they have been given.
Employers want to save on social insurance costs and gain greater flexibility, but this has led to a situation where we have to vote under pressure from this antisocial behaviour.
We can only give consideration to a specific amendment, not a general appeal.
I regret that the regulation is not also being applied to any countries outside the euro area that want it.
Once again, there are great hopes surrounding the climate change conference in Cancún.
(CS) Madam President, in my speech, I would like to mention the wish expressed by the People's Republic of China for harmonious relations between all 56 of the ethnic minorities living within its territory.
You can use the same instrument in a very restricted way, or you can use it in a very wide way.
The EU has all the data available to play an important role in bilateral discussions with states such as China, India or Brazil.
We know that the negotiations on these and on other agreements are of the highest quality, but it is important for us to be aware of the strengths and weak points of the agreements after they come into force, so that we can make a better contribution.
It cannot continue like this in the future, and in this regard, I hope that we can initiate a constructive dialogue with the Council concerning the future.
Within this context, I voted in favour of this legislative resolution relating to the signing of an additional protocol to the EU-Moldova Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, and an EU-Moldova Framework Agreement on the general principles governing the participation of Moldova in Union programmes.
You have indeed achieved results in the areas of labour market and research and development.
I was in Tunisia recently, and I saw how much is being expected of the European Union.
Therefore, in order to protect citizens, it is crucially important that all Member States perform intensive research on the effects of online gambling as well as improve the monitoring and regulation of gambling markets.
What we did was to attack one of the main sources that motivate people to turn to illegal immigration.
To find out, you will have to wait to see if the Lisbon Treaty is fully ratified and brings about 'a common foreign and security policy, leading to a common defence'.
The challenge of ensuring that consumers receive the highest possible quality and safety with regard to product hygiene and of responding flexibly to the needs of the companies and, in particular, very small companies, is met by the current regulations.
Therefore, a particularly close economic relationship between the EU and Canada seems justified.
In the intervening 80 years, the ILO has responded to the needs of people all around the globe for decent jobs, livelihoods and dignity.
The then distributor indicated at the time that it would conduct further studies before placing the product on the market again.
Madam President, Commissioner, I am very grateful for the information you have given.
We believe that there is a need for democratically legitimised, controlled economic policy management that will prevent tax, wage and environmental dumping practices through appropriate common minimum standards that will provide effective regulation for the financial markets and prohibit the privatisation of profits, while at the same time passing on the risks to the public at large.
In my view, Mr Yushchenko is the only person to pick up the tab for the failings of all the leaders of the Ukrainian parties or blocks.
The measures planned in the framework of the Lisbon Strategy play an important role in establishing equality in the division of labour between women and men; their objective, in addition to increasing employment, promoting innovation and raising productivity, must also be to eliminate in the EU the gender discrimination that has developed over time.
The Interim Partnership Agreement between the European Community, of the one part, and two of the ACP countries, namely Papua New Guinea and Fiji, of the other part, should be regarded as a step towards a comprehensive agreement.
Last but not least, it will be essential for the Commission to specify a precise time limit within which these signatures will be collected, or, as the case may be, collected in a valid manner, not forgetting, in particular, the need to retain the openness and transparency of the whole mechanism in such a way as to prevent it being abused by the interest groups that operate throughout the EU.
The final results of these operational system tests were only known in the second half of January 2009.
Even programmes for the provision of medicines to people in Côte d'Ivoire with HIV-AIDS are now at risk.
I have twice appealed at least for a mission to be sent there.
With this legislation, we are contributing to preventing the waste that we produce with electrical and electronic equipment, such as mobile phones, computers and refrigerators, from harming the environment and human health through the introduction of chemical products into the environment, either from landfill or through the release of toxic gases from incineration.
These are the responsibility of the Member States, and European funding can provide them with valid support.
So it is now up to each Member State to have this serious work completed by the end of April.
Fourthly, can the European Commission guarantee that Spain will not submit false budget figures and what is it doing about this?
Through this regulation, we will also contribute towards creating a new and fair market in agriculture.
Citizens need to clearly see what amendments have been submitted by MEPs during the European decision-making process, in addition to the reports, resolutions and plenary debates.
The question is whether the current system, relying on SHAPE or national headquarters, is the most efficient way or if something else is better.
Here in our Parliament, we complain all the time about citizens' disinterest in the European Union.
There are several positive aspects to this resolution, particularly where it insists on the objectives of cohesion policy, which aims to reduce disparities between the levels of development of European regions and mobilising growth potential to achieve economic, social and territorial cohesion.
Of course, the African continent has a whole range of problems.
Those who were afraid that after integration they would lose their culture and identity are realising that the opposite is true - that the EU supports regional, folk and local culture.
Thank you for giving me the floor.
The search for Mrs Boal continues.
Mr Rangel is proposing very important amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the European Parliament.
It is beyond doubt that the proposed legislation is an attack on human rights.
I would like to congratulate the European Commission on having stepped up its efforts, the Presidency on its initiatives and on coordinating national action being taken in this sector, and Egypt on the important and sensitive role which it is playing.
In Europe, the Danube is the river with the largest fresh water reserve.
I also believe that transparency is required, which therefore means providing clear information about the overall volume of fixed expenses in the European Parliament's budget.
I now have another brief question regarding cross compliance and biodiversity, which you have also already mentioned today.
I want to make three points to respond to some of the views expressed in the course of the debate.
Let me be very clear on this so there is no room for ambiguity.
So when I have constituents in London and cheesemongers complaining to me about the fact that they have had to invest lots of money to make sure, for example, that the facilities they use to sell cheese meet EU standards that have been gold plated by British civil servants, and then they travel across to other Member States and see cheese being sold openly in street markets and melting and they wonder about the application of Community laws in other countries, it is time for us to show that we are strict about application of Community law right across the EU.
Our oceans are empty.
Bolstered EU supervision of the economic and budgetary policy of the 27 Member States is an essential prerequisite for the continued existence of the euro.
We have now created an additional layer, but can you tell us whether we are eventually going to get an additional independent regulator, whose assessment will be supplemented by a second scientific opinion?
Our focus should instead be on tackling the unacceptable levels of error in spending highlighted by the European Court of Auditors.
Therefore, my group can fully support the proposal not to grant discharge to the Council today.
The proposal for a reform of social housing thus presented by the Dutch Government limits to 10% the volume of social housing that can be allocated to other social groups, but always according to social criteria or in order of priority.
I supported the regulation, which ensures legal continuity, so that opportunities for trade remain available to developing countries.
There are many good examples of EU and UN cooperation on the ground - the Democratic Republic of Congo, Chad and indeed Kosovo.
They have to spend more than 80% of their money each day on food.
We never purchase a computer on the basis of looking at the control panel, but none of our computers works for a long time without a proper control panel system inside.
It is true that Iceland was struck by a financial crisis, but can we think of many countries which were not affected?
A second example is nuclear disarmament.
I did so because I believe the monitoring of migration in the European Union is a fundamental part of a responsible hosting policy in the Member States.
In 2007 the value of EU-Israel trade was EUR 25.7 billion.
Similarly, there can be no European regulation that the level of the premium must be the same everywhere.
Many countries in the European Union base their development efforts and national economic policy on the cohesion policy objectives as well.
Naturally, it is a political decision based on certain criteria.
For four months, my colleagues and I will be on hand to coordinate the European public debate that has begun today in the European Parliament.
(DE) Madam President, one item relating to the agenda.
For my part, I shall limit myself to addressing the historical nature of this event which, a year after the Treaty of Lisbon came into force, embodies one of its most significant innovations.
A patriarch is the head of a worldwide church, so he, of course, may be elected from any member church.
This makes that neighbourhood an area of conflicting interests and rivalry.
It has done this on the basis of a quantification that we have carried out across Europe.
It is unacceptable that those who carried out the coup are clearly pursuing a strategy of systematic delays and excuses to postpone restoration of power to the constitutionally elected President Zelaya.
I think it is very good that there has been movement in Eurostat with regard to the collection of data, even if it is under difficult circumstances in relation to Greece.
If we are to respond to these changes in a sustainable way, based on human rights, we will need a comprehensive outlook and policy.
First of all, let us have a look at the record of the European Union, in that many have said here that we have fallen behind the United States and other countries in terms of generosity.
Second, the crisis hits the most vulnerable people the hardest - people like the low-skilled, new entrants or disabled people, who find it difficult to find jobs at the best of times.
I believe that, in the end, we will all need to attain the joint targets that we are laying down in the Europe 2020 strategy.
The latest implementation report, drafted jointly by the Commission, the IMF and the ECB in March, concluded that the programme has made further progress towards its objectives.
Alzheimer's disease is a major economic challenge for all societies.
I therefore believe it is appropriate to forge stronger bonds - and I am about to finish - between the European Union and the United Nations so that we can all work together in the same direction.
The next item is the statement by the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on AIDS/HIV in view of the XVIII International AIDS Conference (Vienna, July 18-23 2010).
Mr President, I have always admired Mr Barroso as our Commission President, who is an Atlanticist free-marketeer, which my party strongly supports and holds dear.
The adoption of the basic rules of 'the citizens' initiative' as laid down by the Treaty of Lisbon, marks another step further towards direct democracy in Europe.
I believe that the speech that you are making today is very important for the people on the streets, who may even be fighting for their lives.
The EU has a series of financial instruments in the area of external relations and the EIB's activity must be complementary to them.
The rapporteur favours a gradual reduction in aid. The annual reduction must not be less than 10% of the aid granted in the first year and based only on a very closely monitored closure plan.
in writing. - (PL) The Czech presidency has come at a difficult time for the entire EU.
It is a Council directive, not a co-legislative report, and the Council has debated this extensively.
These are part of a welcome trend and are due largely to the efforts over recent years by both the Commission and the Member States.
We believe these measures are proportionate to the risk and they have a wider scope than the measures applied in other major parts of the world like the United States and Canada.
As an army of global-warming zealots marches to Copenhagen, the truth is that their Orwellian consensus is based not on scientific agreement, but on bullying, censorship and fraudulent statistics.
All Member States will have to shed a lot of blood, sweat and tears to purge their debts, put their finances back in order and steer a different course.
The trackside component sends information to a computer in the train, and the computer applies the brakes when a dangerous situation is detected.
It merely refers to a review prior to exclusion - not a judicial review.
What we require is action for the long term, rather than short-term reactions.
This report, despite mentioning these facts, does not put forward proposals that would make it possible to enhance user protection and the quality of the service provided, based on the use of a service as imminently public as communications.
I agree with the report that Member States should make use of the structural funds to support research, development and innovation (R&D&I) objectives that target social challenges, with the aim of increasing prosperity in Europe.
In a war situation there is no proportionality - each war and each casualty is one too many, and it is not possible to balance figures for each side against the other.
I think, without glossing over the difficulties - and many of you have referred to those difficulties - that the Union has fulfilled its obligations and that the work of the European institutions and of the countries of the Union, which participate in these G20 discussions, can be judged to have been satisfactory.
When it comes to agriculture, we must not focus exclusively on technological solutions or on discussions about technological solutions. We also have to take into account consumption patterns, the issue of waste and the complex relationship between the environment, biodiversity and health.
As you know, it said that it would cost the ten Member States over EUR 7 billion a year if full pay was included.
In Europe alone, nearly 80 million citizens live in conditions of poverty, 19 million of whom are children.
There is no argument to be had in invoking the financial crisis as a reason to delay or scale down the plans for Copenhagen, and such attempts are not to be taken seriously.
The wording originally said 'non-fire period', and that did not make any sense to us, so we changed it to 'cease-fire'.
This directive we are now discussing dates from 1978.
When there is an agreement with a third country through which illegal immigration may pass, and there is a readmission agreement - which is the objective - and therefore the European Union's agreements with that third country are strengthened - which is the global approach and the philosophy of the European Pact on Immigration - what is happening is that the borders of the Member States of the Union are being strengthened.
It is good in patches.
I shall take the two supplementaries and we will see where we get then.
(LT) The financial, economic and social crisis has affected every citizen of Europe.
This rejection can - and must - become a rejection of the monopolies and imperialism and must be turned into a fight for grassroots power.
This is a thing of the past, as the Council budget has changed fundamentally.
In this situation, the EU and Member States must adopt measures to ensure the sustainability of their pension systems.
Soil protection is important.
In this context, the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas should really be called the International Commission for the Capture of All Tunas.
We have another example of this in the shape of a major problem at the Medicines Agency, which I believe we will have the opportunity to discuss again.
My sincere thanks and congratulations go to everyone involved.
However, there does not appear to be any justification for making all toys subject to the same restrictions as toys intended for babies.
I hope that we can seize the moment - and I count on you to help us deliver these reforms.
Therefore let us not underestimate the concerns felt by many Member State citizens that decisions affecting their lives will be taken elsewhere and without their involvement and that their ability to influence the decision-making process is very limited.
It is overcoming it, although we are not yet out of the woods.
The method currently used fails to take into account risks such as terrorist attacks or plane crashes, and therefore does not meet this requirement.
Public access must be the main principle, secrecy must be an exception.
Those international speculators who profited massively from the deregulation of the financial markets must pay.
By tradition, access negotiations are an open-ended process, with progress dependent on the good faith of both parties.
Transparency and the physical exchange of information are the foundations of fair competition and of a fair distribution of the tax burden.
We need to demand that the Libyan authorities duly recognise the presence of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
By voting in favour of a 20-week minimum maternity leave (it is currently 14 weeks) with full pay, and by endorsing a compulsory two-week paternity leave in the European Union, the European Parliament has moved in the direction of undeniable social progress.
Sixthly, based on what I have said, I support the rapporteur's proposals and the warning that the Court of Auditors will intervene if the project fails.
She writes that the directive must not undermine general welfare services, but this is not enough to enable the GUE/NGL Group to support the report.
The attempts to stabilise the new government were accompanied by an outburst of heavy ethnic clashes during which, according to various estimates, between 300 and 2 000 people died, while 100 000 sought refuge in neighbouring Uzbekistan.
This number has already reached 80 million, in other words 16% of the world population.
I think that increased scrutiny of the particular situation in the new Member States during the process of implementing reforms is of crucial importance, not only for the success of the Europe 2020 strategy, but for the future of the Union itself.
The European Commission and Member States should adopt a common European strategy which will combine current Danube initiatives and boost the importance of this river as part of the European Union's policies.
Lastly, we have proposed to double the amount of funding, but not at the expense of agriculture or of the Structural Funds.
It could collaborate with the southern Member States to employ a skilled European labour force.
Breaking off a career to care for relatives with mental health problems should not have a negative impact on that career or on providing financially for one's family.
I voted in favour of this report which strives to ensure the key EU objective of ensuring the proper functioning of the internal market for medicinal products for human use and of better protecting the health of EU citizens.
Border clashes between Thailand and Cambodia
I urge Members to sign this and do something that matters.
As I have emphasised in several of my speeches in Parliament, it is for this reason that for me, the Danube strategy must be primarily a means of protecting potable water supplies.
We do not really need the tolerable risk of error.
In the derivatives legislation currently being negotiated, we can ensure that we do not create or reinforce monopolies by supporting open access to CCPs and the like, and by ensuring the availability of important data streams to all players.
The European Union is not investing enough, and we know today that, whether we are talking about transport network interconnections, energy, high-speed trains, motorways, universities, water, space or health, we must invest more.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Philippines, as many honourable Members have just said, still faces very strong challenges: on the one hand, the question of minorities in Mindanao, and on the other hand, many extrajudicial killings.
Voters in Ireland were the only ones with the opportunity to make their decision directly a year and a half ago.
Madam President, here are my remarks on the resolution condemning Lithuania, because nothing happened.
It should be pointed out that in 1950, Taiwan was poorer than Ghana, Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The second prerequisite is to unite behind you the main political parties in this Parliament.
Thank you for your attention.
Incidentally, Moldova is seeking an in-depth, comprehensive trade agreement with the European Union.
I would also welcome further cooperation on matters relating to cyber security.
That is why it is so important that we express our solidarity today with all those who are persecuted for their faith in the world.
In short, although it is a modest compromise and a small step, it is a step nonetheless.
If we are going to talk about ethnic minorities, one can say that this standard is also guaranteed in the form of cultural and educational autonomy, because we have a university for our largest ethnic minority
In this Commission proposal, the concept of micro-enterprises is broadened to define them as enterprises which, as at the balance date, do not exceed the limits of two of the following criteria: a balance sheet total of EUR 500 000, net turnover of EUR 1 000 000 and/or an average number of employees during the financial year of 10 persons.
China's refusal to engage in dialogue with the Dalai Lama's representatives, and its rejection of the extremely moderate demands of the Tibetans, is harmful to its image.
Therefore, the resulting tailor-made national cohesion strategies in the operational programme undoubtedly vary significantly according to these needs.
For these reasons, we tell you that it is the time to change policy.
Yet that should not put us off, as it forms part of the essence of European integration.
That concludes this item.
The calls by the world community for an immediate ceasefire are falling on deaf ears.
I made this point myself in my speech just now.
It is a waste in terms of the mobility of our workforce, of our scientific community when we recognise that this growing mobility is very important in periods of crisis such as the one we are undergoing at present, and it is also a waste for the knowledge society.
It is time for us to show solidarity with the citizens of Taiwan.
It is also worth noting the statement in the programme with regard to financial regulation that most of the measures to bridge gaps which have been revealed by the crisis have already been put forward.
A choice will have to be made.
As a member of the European Parliament's Subcommittee on Human Rights, human rights violations and the humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip are particularly important to me.
However, some of these fraudulent practices take place across national borders and are used in business transactions between different companies and, as things currently stand, it is difficult to prosecute the perpetrators.
There were many good principles in Mr Staes's report, but my own group took the view that the report should be shorter and more concise, and because of this, we removed some material from the report.
I cannot support such developments.
Eighty per cent of world trade takes place via the sea and the European fleet accounts for 41% of that global market.
Satellite pictures show that around 25 000 km² of African forests and other vegetation have been lost in the last 30 years.
Now we know that it was decisive for these people that Parliament spoke out clearly on their behalf.
The issue that could bring an immediate result is energy.
So I would urge us all here in this House to do more of that at home in our own countries and to avoid knocking the European Union where it is not appropriate.
The treaty on the reunification of Germany presented two challenges.
Finally, I would like to pay tribute to the work that has been done in this field by Mr Tajani, who is here today, and the rapporteurs on transport law, because we have now embarked on the final stages of the process on maritime law with the aim of covering all transport in Europe.
We have set unrealistic targets for biofuel, for example, which has led to a situation where land has been bought from developing countries for the cultivation of vegetation for biofuel.
Opposing the Treaty of Lisbon means not wanting Europe to function properly or to have an important role in the world.
It is about clarity and transparency for consumers.
This report relates to a joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning the basic rights of passengers who use bus and coach transport.
In responding quickly to new and worrying fraud patterns reported by several Member States, the objective of this proposal is to give interested Member States the possibility, under an optional and temporary scheme, to apply the so-called reverse charge mechanism, under which it is the client who has to account for the VAT to a limited number of highly fraud-sensitive sectors.
We believed that this report was ready to be put to a vote now, and the overwhelming approval for this report would seem to prove us right.
The Council could usefully examine ways in which to tackle the crisis and to promote growth and jobs, on the basis of a strengthened mandate.
This increases the opportunities for access to employment in the sector in so far as it provides a general education, a research methodology, entrepreneurial abilities and business knowledge, as well as skills in various areas of activity.
Human life is more important than any economic gain.
It is obvious that this problem does not affect only the European Union.
Like the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, we too have serious concerns about the composition and powers of the Media Council, as this is obviously a case of a major extension of state control over journalists.
On 4 March 2010, the judgment in Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) Case C-297/08 was that Italy had infringed EU legislation by failing to have created an integrated and adequate network of waste disposal facilities in Campania, so as to ensure the recovery and disposal of waste, without human health being put at risk and without harming the environment This motion for a resolution is motivated by the fact that Italy has still not adopted the measures necessary for compliance with the CJEU's judgment, and I voted in favour because I agree with the arguments of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
The Valleys have all but been destroyed by the closure of big industries which, at one point, were the backbone of solid hardworking communities.
With Portugal entering a period of early elections, inevitably there will be an explosion in public debt and interest rates.
When the last outstanding technical requirements have been met in the coming weeks, the European Council will have to resolve to include Bulgaria and Romania in the Schengen area without imposing any more political conditions.
This concerns adjusting, renewing and enhancing the interinstitutional agreement.
(NL) Madam President, my original speaking time was unfairly cut short as it approached the two-and-a-half-minute limit, but the conclusion of my argument was that you cannot create change through foreign interventions or other forms of military violence.
This also concerns the fundamental idea of European cooperation - free movement.
(ES) Mr President, in this time of crisis, in which we find ourselves, there are two main types of policies and actions: preventive policies and actions and stimulative policies and actions.
Some of these challenges have been generated by the financial and economic crisis, but some of them are inherent in our limited capacities and determination to fulfil the objectives and targets of the 2010 Lisbon Strategy.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (ES) Mr President, I must insist on one fundamental fact.
I also agree with those who said that, although it was perhaps a coincidence, President Klaus chose a very good week to sign the treaty: the same week that we are celebrating the fall of the Berlin Wall, the end of the communist dictatorship, the start of European unity and, finally, the victory of Robert Schuman's ideas over those of Joseph Stalin.
Sadly, however, this region remains paralysed by frozen conflicts, the most recent of which is, of course, Russia's de facto occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia which, in our view, are Georgian sovereign territory.
Subject: Solar thermal electricity and the Economic Recovery Plan
Today we have reached the point where we have passed amendments to the directive, and a new directive was passed that improves the situation of supporting spouses, whether that be in agriculture, handicrafts, commerce, small and medium-sized enterprises or freelance occupations.
However, the debate has only just become public, with the result that some Members do not yet feel they have been adequately informed.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, our group has been pressing for a debate on the problem of the bankruptcies in the aviation sector, as it is true that we are no longer talking about an isolated case.
The EGF has already been used in the past by other EU countries, particularly Portugal and Spain, so we should now grant this aid to Lithuania.
This dual requirement must be met.
Nonetheless, Iceland needs to provide evidence of real interest, and to cooperate on the resolution of outstanding issues in the fisheries management sector.
Section I - European Parliament
It is therefore essential that the EU clearly declares itself in favour of looking for global currencies other than the US dollar.
It is just an assumption.
In spite of the tardy measures from the EU, the Hungarian Government has acted quickly to support dairy farmers and has done everything to help them, taking into account the budget resources available.
That is the public perception, in any case.
The fact is, we are talking here about two-thirds of the feed of our herds, and that is a real health issue.
What does that actually mean?
This is particularly important, especially for the small and medium-sized enterprise sector.
Parliament will investigate carefully the information you have provided and will act on it in the coming months.
Under the Treaty of Lisbon, the common policy on visas in relation to third countries is the exclusive remit of the EU, so it is up to the EU to negotiate this agreement so that it ensures equal treatment of all EU citizens.
I think that, in the specific case of micro-entities, the current rules could appear excessive.
I believe that the President should be the servant of the Council - a chairman rather than a chief executive.
That would be completely absurd.
in writing. - Labour Euro MPs believe the focus and priority for EU spending must be the funding of economic investment and research which boosts the economy and creates jobs.
In the meantime, a good implementation of this directive is essential to guarantee the safety of these facilities and minimise the risk associated with their management.
It appeared in the following six resolutions.
Lastly, I should also like to express my concern about the message that has been sent out, aimed at instituting a response mechanism that will enable re-establishment of the Union's internal borders in certain extraordinary circumstances.
The Innovation Union Scoreboard uses internationally recognised indicators to benchmark the performance of Europe against that of our competitors.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission strategy on antimicrobial resistance (AMR), which we plan to present in November, will provide further ideas on how the Commission, together with the Member States and stakeholders, could tackle AMR in all sectors involved.
Domestic violence aims to control and destroy the human spirit.
One of the possible causes considered to explain the leak was precisely the presence of lost containers floating on the sea surface at the mercy of the waves and storms.
They are preparing for a future of smarter cars and mixed modes of transport.
The EU must work for peace, freedom, democracy and human rights.
I think that Mrs Lulling has done an excellent job on this.
However, when it comes to the relationship of the citizens to the State, the programme is a manifestation of an utterly badly erected framework.
Numerous SMEs, which account for over 70% of employment in the private sector, have encountered serious cash flow difficulties due to delayed payments from undertakings, especially from public authorities, including the government.
Therefore, what will follow now is a reconciliation meeting, where positions will hopefully get closer, and we will also have an adequate budget for the banana producing countries.
It has already been said that rail transport's share of the freight market is stagnating whilst road transport is gaining market share.
I cannot unequivocally support the view of the ENVI Committee, according to which costs connected with the collection, processing, exploitation and environmentally friendly disposal of waste from electronic equipment should be borne on the basis of the 'polluter pays' principle.
We must demand that the events be investigated in full by a genuine international commission of inquiry, and that the crimes that have been committed do not go unpunished.
Recently we have been able to see sportsmen from North Korea playing at the FIFA World Cup.
(PL) Madam President, catastrophes and very spectacular events, such as the leak in the Gulf of Mexico, are very often the stimulus for general changes in policy and great schemes of regulatory reforms.
8.
The euro's success therefore means success in the process of building an entity designed to promote European values at international level and confirm the European Union as the main player in business and financial relations within the global economy.
Secondly, here in Europe, we have the principle that the polluter should pay.
Thank you for the report.
These are unacceptable developments that show how retrograde, reactionary and anti-democratic this European Union really is.
Of course, we would all like to see the rapid intervention mission deployed in practice.
I voted for this report because the European Parliament calls on the Commission to ensure as effectively and swiftly as possible that the Stockholm Action Plan truly reflects the needs of Europe's citizens, particularly as regards free movement throughout the European Union, along with employment rights, the needs of business and equal opportunities for all.
On the other hand, as far as Turkey is concerned, I would like to say that efforts have been made, but no major move which would allow us to say that Turkey is resolving its problems diplomatically, in other words, by withdrawing or starting to withdraw its troops from a European country, Cyprus.
Given the current financial difficulties, pooling our resources is not only politically desirable, it is essential.
Finally, trafficking operators deserve exemplary punishment - organised crime in this area must be a priority target for organisations such as EUROJUST, EUROPOL and FRONTEX.
The inclusion of the TBVI in the EU 2020 strategy may be the solution enabling Europe to strengthen its strategic independence in the battle against tuberculosis and its position as a leading innovator.
The European elections have shown us that we really have our work cut out to win the minds of ordinary people for Europe.
There are a myriad of contributory factors - fewer smallholdings, deforestation, desertification, lack of access to water and climate change.
At last, there is a chance to work together in our foreign policy to achieve greater conflict prevention, greater protection of human rights and more democracy in all parts of the world, in other words, to have a stronger sense of the global responsibility that the European Union has.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Administrative Director of Eurojust discharge in respect of the implementation of Eurojust's budget for the financial year 2009.
We must wean ourselves off fiscal stimuli and quantitative easing, and these should not be the accepted norm.
This is all we can say at this moment in time.
Sharing these experiences and extending their application to the areas affected by desertification can result in damaged lands being restored to agricultural use and, consequently, in stimulating production.
Parliament has always opposed the hierarchy of grounds for discrimination that has arisen.
In 2000, this Parliament debated whether Greece should join the euro area.
In the brief time that I have available, I would like to mention three points.
We must create a fully fledged internal market for electricity and gas.
Let me share with you my great satisfaction in being able to announce this prize as the President of the European Parliament and, in particular, as a man who comes from Solidarity.
I believe this to be particularly important.
Without a swift and effective judicial investigation and with no guarantee that the safety of human rights activists will be respected, the situation may in fact become extremely worrying.
The Commission proposes to mobilise the European Union Solidarity Fund for Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Romania on the basis of point 26 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006 on budgetary discipline and sound financial management (IIA).
I want to join those who have praised the excellent progress that has been made in this matter and the splendid work that the Swedish Presidency has done, on account of which we can now grant discharge.
However, since the instruments recently made available by the Treaty of Lisbon grant the citizens legislative initiative, it is now fair to say that Parliament closely identifies with citizens' demands and expectations.
In conclusion, if we are to strive to stamp out this illegal practice in our Member States, we have to get across that this is not only a workers' rights issue but also a competition issue.
May I remind you that it is not merely a question of restricting the repercussions of climate change.
As has already been said, they can also help these people to set up businesses and create jobs with their ideas.
This is not because the country in question is Russia, but because Europe should not be dependent on anyone.
in writing. - (ES) We in the Spanish socialist delegation have argued for the model of ownership unbundling of vertically integrated companies both in gas and in electricity, because we believe that separating supply/generation companies from transport companies gives a real choice to European consumers and stimulates the investment that is needed in this sector, meaning that energy will be able to reach all of the EU territory without interruptions.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
I trust we all have the wisdom and courage to take such decisions.
Political stability and democratic development in Moldova are essential for full participation in Community programmes, therefore it is very important for the prolonged period of unrest and instability to end following the parliamentary elections.
These include intellectual property.
(SK) After almost thirty years of the European Union's active policy, especially in African states, the report submitted today talks about a growth in the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS.
So please, let us stop treating the European budget as a strain on domestic finances.
You have taken a decision - and I am glad that you are talking about a Europe of rules - to subordinate ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon to ratification of the missile defence shield.
Welfare of laying hens (vote)
In doing that, we have to be innovative, we have to be creative, and, most importantly of all, we have to be honest with people as regards what we are capable of delivering and of doing.
There is only the common currency.
You should publicly withdraw the Czech Presidency's outrageous assertion that whoever does not accept the Treaty of Lisbon should leave the Union.
They are also entitled to a complete - and I mean complete - list of the fibres that are in products; this is necessary in the prevention of allergies, etc.
One of their main points of criticism is the Bologna Process.
In order to have broader support for this amendment, I also want to submit a very short oral - basically compromise - amendment, originally prepared by Mrs Maria Eleni Koppa.
On the basis of the information that we have had from our partners in the field - the Red Cross and the UN Development Programme - there do not seem to be major unmet humanitarian needs at this stage.
Some are very often subjected to abuse from their employers.
Mrs Napoletano's report goes against this perception.
Similarly, the commitments of many countries to meeting contributions towards helping developing nations has to be driven forward at the conference.
This communication addresses the issue of the research and development (R&D) phase of a pre-commercial product.
However, we also consider it important to mention that the current legal basis does not provide sufficient European solutions, because we do not have co-decision rights.
Fourthly, on 10 December, a ceremony will be held in Stockholm to award this year's Nobel Prizes.
And as we enter the end game in Copenhagen, we can be clear that the European Union has been working hard to maintain the momentum it has championed towards decisive global action on climate change.
These have shown that there is a lot of progress, but there are still some things to be done, and we are in dialogue with the Kosovo Government in order to help and assist them to do these last things.
It may be that we will respond with a resolution.
The EU, too, should reduce its expenditure.
Circumventing these merely by subdividing projects into stages, into sections or tranches, is not possible.
The European Union's motto "united in diversity" does not only stand for different nationalities of the EU, but first and foremost involves the citizens of the European Union with their individual differences.
As demographic change is influencing relationships in our society, it is particularly important that one generation is not living at the expense of another.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, my thoughts at this time are with the thousands of couples around the world who every day face the necessary difficulties involved in adopting a child.
Now you are up to your old tricks again, trying to stop Bulgaria joining Schengen in the hope that you can blame the sins of your criminal rule on others.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The following elements need to be added to this: our own policies, aimed at fulfilling our emissions reduction targets at both national and Community level; the boost provided by innovation and intelligent energy use; the incorporation of adaptation measures for sectoral policies; and consistent external action.
Mr President, this is the first time that this Parliament has voted on a calendar so far ahead of time.
1.
The situation has become worse because of the cholera outbreak and the political instability following elections that led to enormous violence, of which women and children were the main victims.
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon gave the EU greater powers in the field of judicial and police cooperation in criminal matters, and the report adopted today, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings, and protecting victims, represents the European legislator's commitment in this area.
It is very important to make every effort to deliver visa-free travel for the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania as soon as possible.
We need to see substance backing up the rhetoric.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Nevertheless, I have made some amendments on a couple of issues which I feel could be constructive and useful contributions to the final text.
We have come forward with Europe 2020.
This situation requires the alliance to become 'repoliticised' so that it becomes a forum for open dialogue discussing the major issues in which it is bound to get involved.
Nuclear energy is actually the option which can also ensure secure, cheap energy.
In the face of these risks, and, unfortunately, of others, which I cannot expand on here but the details of which you know - you have just mentioned them - the Commission has proposed a last resort, the inclusion of a safeguard clause.
This system should also be based on solidarity, and that means solidarity with the migrants, with the countries of origin and transit, and it also means solidarity between the Member States.
It was also the year in which the Commission was able to single out two priorities, namely women and children, and in which an interinstitutional approach was promoted.
We must be ambitious and demand the protection of all species that are at risk of extinction.
I was also pleased to support the PPE resolution, which offered a version that was balanced and of a very high standard, of course without the important pressure on the Commission before the important negotiations on the final form of the agreement.
I think it is at least unlikely that all have been fully implemented, and it is important to bear that in mind when we start making demands of others.
She has done an excellent job and, in the main, we are, in fact, in agreement in the Committee on Budgets, even though there are some areas - and I will come back to this - where we in the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament have a slightly different view.
(DE) Mr President, one thing has not yet been properly appreciated here today and that is the fact that the positive referendum in Ireland was hardly the first positive referendum relating to the constitutional process that Mr Verhofstadt mentioned.
Since it is impossible to safely distinguish between those who pose a potential threat and those who do not, it is obvious that the precautionary principle should apply not just in the context of REACH.
Its market orientation will continue as at present.
It is calling for all of our countries to wake up to the fact that changes are both necessary and beneficial.
I gave many examples of cases where regulation and penalties are disproportionate - even unfair in many cases.
The conditions must be created for SMEs to receive appropriate support under the Union's regional policy, given their importance for improving social ties in urban districts or sparsely populated areas.
Secondly, in our resolution today, we express our hope that the presidential elections in the country will be held within 60 days.
Both in terms of payments to farmers and in terms of the second pillar - or through investments, by supporting the production of local goods - we will be able to respond to these objectives.
We are going to have a discussion on the budget review.
(Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure)
Is it to do with politics, as I suspect?
In my opinion, however, we need to introduce an even more extensive coordination mechanism which would contribute towards aligning the instruments, policies and parties concerned.
This will enable students to acquire the qualifications and develop the skills required by employers.
The worrying rise in bee mortality and the falling numbers of beekeepers could have very serious consequences on food production in Europe because, as we all know, most crops and plants depend on pollination.
The anti-competitive provisions of bilateral agreements are brought into line with EU competition law.
Framework programme of the European Atomic Energy Community for nuclear research and training activities (direct actions) (
These discussions are in addition to the 560 contributions received during the consultation period introduced to help the Commission to define the strategic directions which are to be published in a communication scheduled for the end of May this year.
Lastly, the European Semester will enable us to achieve more effective ex ante policy coordination.
But we know that such reports are sometimes used as a means of introducing the policy aspirations of the EU.
If we do not implement something which will make countries realise that they there will be harsh consequences if they conduct economically irrational policies, we will not get anywhere.
Regarding our subject, the USA is responsible for detainees' rights and has the moral obligation to abolish capital punishment.
I believe that it is reasonable to extent the validity of the entire regulation for another three years, to ensure legal clarity and certainty for producers, exporters and importers.
However, I should like to focus on four points.
It is for Christians and for those who are being attacked.
Madam President, firstly, peace and stability in the Western Balkans is certainly in the interest of the whole of Europe and, of course, because I am from Greece, it is logical that it should be in our interest even more, because we border some of these states.
Secondly, these companies, SMEs, are concerned about finance.
Let us work together - Parliament, Council, Commission - to show that the expectations of Europe's citizens are safe in our hands; that their desire for freedom, justice and solidarity will not go ignored.
On 26 November, the resolution from the European Parliament concerning the issue was published.
We now come to the explanations of vote.
We all know how painfully slow the progress of this draft legislation has been over the past three years.
The debate is closed.
- (SK) Two weeks ago, Mr President, you brought us some very sad and horrific news.
So there is much in this report to like.
We must also, as the organisations themselves agree, set up a forum at which regular meetings are held to facilitate communication between donors and recipients, and not only donors from the European Union, but also from elsewhere.
As for other forms of assistance, we have increased the allocation for cooperation with civil society.
We need that information.
Is there an evaluation, and if so, could you tell us about its main conclusions?
As Members of the European Parliament, we can offer an additional perspective in Middle East relations, as we can think and act outside conventional diplomatic channels.
As has already been said, this is supposed to be part of the common immigration policy of the European Union, dealing with the pull factor of possible work, often within the informal economy and amongst vulnerable and non-organised workers.
Unfortunately, the recent executions of Sunni militants in Iran have brought the country and its human rights violations back to the front page of the newspapers.
Cancún is an opportunity to do things better; let us not miss it yet again.
I would like to make one thing absolutely clear: as Parliament, we have not merely played a part, but we have ensured that, in this Services Directive, a very positive, constructive compromise was found.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Járóka, for her excellent work.
Of course, a huge emphasis, as I would expect, was placed on human rights - the importance of making sure that is clearly part of all the dynamic relationships that we have and encompasses our work.
The legislative procedure is only just beginning.
It is not enough to talk about support for democracy: we in the European Parliament and European institutions have to be more active in that respect.
Multilingualism is an area with wide ramifications.
All of that requires conviction, time and, above all, political courage, which we are lacking.
Are we going to see, as happened in Kosovo, people who have been made redundant watching big multinational companies reconstructing their country because they are the only ones able to win the international tenders?
We are also working side by side in other areas, such as the permanent crisis mechanism.
Back in 2007, the immediate purpose of the interim agreement was to secure continued access to the EU market for those countries in the Pacific region which most depend on it, given the impending expiry of the Cotonou trade regime.
We had been working on this draft restructuring plan from the time the government presented us with the document until last Sunday, when the Irish Government decided to ask for a programme making use of the different mechanisms to support Member States in the euro area with financial difficulties.
It is relatively easy to circumvent, for example by using as intermediaries investment companies that the directive does not define as paying agents and which are, therefore, under no obligation to participate in the information exchange system.
These cases clearly prove that Russia disregards all the standards that apply throughout the free world.
EU law also provides for penalty measures in the event of violation and of consumers being misled on origin.
The agreement being proposed to the Council for adoption has been drafted precisely to meet these international requirements on preventing, deterring and eliminating illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing through the implementation of effective measures by the state where the port is located.
Ladies and gentlemen, today I should like to repeat and reaffirm the central idea that, for me, sums up the work of European integration.
There must be an urgent, radical overhaul of international trade rules to guarantee food sovereignty and the development of local production for all.
The impact of online gambling, as the rapporteur points out correctly, has not yet been examined in depth.
Europe's cities are its centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, but they face a number of challenges.
Mr President, I wanted to speak on the European Parliament's discharge and first of all to thank the rapporteur for the excellent work he has done, and the hard work he has done, along with many others.
I think that it would be an excellent idea but, in any case, let us be clear: I see no point in driving out the financial services that we have now in Europe, whether they be in London, Frankfurt or Paris.
We wrote to the Commission's President, Mr Barroso, saying that we wanted to see changes and that we wanted to see a fairer balance of women and men in the Commission and other top positions.
That is true, but it must not mean that small businesses are not allowed to grow big.
The number of Member States participating in EU resettlement programmes has been increasing and must be extended to the greatest possible number of Member States.
Madam President, my contribution today will be one that highlights the need for investment: investment in jobs; investment in our environment; and investment in all our economies.
That is why the EU should ensure that its considerable financial and technical support in the region is accompanied by a reinforced political presence and a well-defined conditionality.
The purpose of this agreement is exemption from visa requirements for holders of diplomatic, service or official passports, and it has the same aim and scope as the agreement relating to holders of common passports.
I would like to thank all three rapporteurs and the many shadow rapporteurs and fellow Members who have produced this joint work.
After all, that is how it works for every one of our citizens in the EU: if their house burns down, for example, or ice crushes the roof, they receive compensation only from their insurance companies, if they are insured at all.
For years on end Bulgaria was required to make greater efforts in the fight against crime.
Antwerp was not given a chance, despite the many attempts to find a buyer.
We can clearly state that the TFTP will be permitted to be used only in investigations of terrorist crimes, including the financing of terrorism.
This has unacceptable consequences for the workers themselves and for the viability of the European textile sector, particularly in Portugal, which has been forced to compete with producers that systematically fail to observe such rules and rights.
He has had first-hand experience of being sentenced to forced imprisonment without the chance of a fair trial or of communicating with the outside world.
This is what the European Parliament, and then the Council, believed in 2007 when it recommended that the European Commission draft a Baltic Sea Strategy and an action plan.
In this regard I would like to quote Nout Wellink, the President of the Dutch national bank, who published his annual report a few days ago.
All the European institutions that depend on the European Union budget have to be thoroughly audited by the Court of Auditors and by all entities with that function.
Since May, over 1 000 migrants have been picked up at sea by the Italian authorities and handed over to Libya in the course of informal and indiscriminate refoulements without identifying the people, giving them the right to appeal or access to asylum procedures, with the danger that they will be subjected to inhumane and degrading treatment in Libya.
There is a need for measures defending the European textiles sector and related jobs.
In future, we should very firmly set conditions for Member States, to ensure they follow a rational economic policy, because a policy which is not based on rational foundations ends up as it has done.
These are not refugees.
As everyone has noted, the war in Afghanistan cost over USD three hundred billion.
This vote is in favour of the conclusion of this protocol.
3.
Mr President, tax and taxing is an extremely important topic when we talk about development policies. It is a crucial topic for policy coherence for development because, without a proper tax system, without proper policies on tax havens, we will never be coherent in our development policies and, at the moment, we are not.
This is not always evident in Parliament's resolutions, but it needs to be evident in practice.
I very much welcome this decision and wish to express my hope that the elections held on 22 May in the Basque Country will be conducted in accordance with all international standards relating to democracy and electoral law.
Incidentally, it is also a disgrace that Saudi Arabia does too.
I think it is very clear that we are not just a group of countries.
(DE) Mr President, my request to the new Commission is that it do more for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Third, this is a practical way in which we can begin to implement the Commission's target to reduce the burden on SMEs by 25% by the year 2020.
I am saddened by the failure of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe to respect the agreement and the mistaken assessment by the European Conservatives and Reformists, which open the doors to a new proposal from the Commission, which is likely to be inferior to the current one.
In spring this year, we supplied medical equipment with a value of EUR 4.5 million to 60 clinics in the Republic of Moldova.
The decision we are making now, regarding what the European Parliament's political priorities will be, is therefore of the greatest importance, particularly since this budget will form a bridge between two terms of the European Parliament, and also between two mandates of the European Commission.
The next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance.
author. - Mr President, last September, a member of the Ugandan Parliament introduced an 'anti-homosexuality bill'.
In 2008, 55% of the necessary transpositions were delayed, in many cases by two years or more.
However, we still have a problem with people from disadvantaged backgrounds and elderly people using and accessing the Internet and new technologies.
I would just like your views on that.
(IT) Mr President, the official figures say it all: 1% of the medicines sold legally in the European Union are falsified.
The transition needs to be completed over the next few months.
Maybe we should change this in future, but for now we must observe the rules.
Finally, Mr President, it has to be said that non-discrimination and equal treatment are insufficient to compensate for the disadvantages of minorities.
Well, dynamic economic modernisation and participation in the Eastern Partnership policy may help to carry out that task.
Firstly let me point out that the stress test is uncharted territory for us.
Given the timing of this own-initiative report and its culmination in a plenary vote this week, I also believe that the European Parliament has added significantly to the Commission's recently released consultation on the MiFID II review (MiFID II), which takes into account many of the issues raised in deliberations in the committee.
In return, we, in our countries, keep cracking down on short-stay visa holders, and a vicious circle emerges.
It is actually a major opener.
The human rights clause, in fact, already appears in the most recent international agreements, and that will become standard in future trade agreements.
What is most important with regard to what we are doing now, of course, is the fact that those of us who really do believe in the European Union also want to ensure that we take responsibility towards taxpayers and carry out a proper review of the administration in the EU.
We should provide assistance to those who have lost their jobs and allow students who have been thrown out of university to study in other countries.
The Commission must manage the interconnection of these systems and expand their functionality in order to streamline costs.
It has to be acknowledged that with the ageing of Europe's population, Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia are spreading at a dangerous rate.
Today's vote means that the European Parliament supports the adoption in future of a Euro-Latin American Charter for Peace and Security which will include, based on the UN Charter and related international legislation, strategies and guidelines on political actions and common security.
I personally agree with the maximum requirements proposed by the report.
It is also important to emphasise that this assistance is not a substitute for companies' normal responsibilities, nor is it intended to finance companies or lead to their restructuring.
I firmly believe that you have the same ambition too.
This is the right time to let them know how important they are to us, how radical a change they have brought to our neighbourhood policy, and what high hopes we have for this new Mediterranean region engendered by the young people of Egypt and Tunisia, much to our surprise and disbelief.
I welcome the fact that Montenegro was granted the status of candidate country for accession to the European Union and Montenegrin citizens have been granted the possibility to travel without visas (full visa liberalisation) to the EU Schengen area.
Do we really want to dedicate ourselves to a centuries-old European creation or to a business ideology that is a few decades old?
(PL) Madam President, at the outset, I would like to thank my colleague for preparing this report, a report which is significant for economic growth.
Parliament's key demands have been accepted, such as the admissibility check right at the start rather than carrying out a check after the first 300 000 signatures have been collected.
Mrs Harms, I would also like to make one thing clear about what you said.
We have to ask what information patients need, not what information industry may wish to provide.
At the same time, I cannot agree to the setting of quotas relating to childcare: for example, saying that by 2013, 33% of children up to three years of age will be placed in collective care facilities.
Thus, while retaining our European requirements - and, as a French person, I fully support Baroness Ludford in saying that the government position is not the only view in France - I suggest that we should proceed without fear along this path of liberalisation.
The lack of an MRL also prevents authorities from being able to establish a proper withdrawal period for a medicine.
Often the situation changes very little after the laws come into force.
This is not a time for narrow nationalism, but a time where a strong Europe has never been so important.
However, this is not the concern of Parliament.
Given the high value of the global market in this sector, which will continue to grow over the coming years, I would also like to highlight the importance of creating the conditions for European industry to be competitive.
Unfortunately, Russia's leading politicians carry on a wholly different policy, which increasingly alienates Russia from other democracies.
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used, whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them, and whether any resources are being wasted.
This includes extensive measures to safeguard the future of all communities in Kosovo, thereby creating a basis for sustainable economic and political development.
(FR) Madam President, Mrs Malmström, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, cooperation between Europe and the United States is crucial in resolving most of the major crises in the world, and the new US administration certainly provides an opportunity.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (announcement of motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
All the improvements I have highlighted are essential.
It should also be said that, along with the Europe 2020 strategy, the action that the Commission is adopting in relation to the whole of the production system is also important.
As a Hungarian MEP from Romania, I am convinced that this initiative and the potential of the Neighbourhood Policy will improve the circumstances of Hungarian communities living in Serbia and Ukraine.
In this way, the work put into its preparation and the effort invested will not be wasted.
Only today, Mr Brown and Mr Barroso reaffirmed their refusal to protect Europe, our industries and our jobs in the name of the all-important free market and globalisation.
We shall then go our separate ways.
We should support such amendments - in accordance with the views of civil stakeholders - that allow for much better integrated projects involving the building industry, tourism, the labour market, rural development and social integration at the same time.
Our half-way review of relations between that country and the European Union has been received with positive caution by this House, with appreciation for the changes that have taken place in Belarus.
Resorting to protectionism is the worst thing that can happen to emerging and developed economies alike.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - Mr President, all who are committed to democratic rights and freedom of religious expression will condemn outright the murder of Christians in Egypt and also the firebomb attacks on Christian churches in Malaysia.
However, the economies of Member States are very different and a single economic prescription will not suit 27 different countries.
What do you intend to do and how will you react on behalf of the European Union to this harassment during action by a European institution such as Frontex?
in writing. - (DA) The Danish Liberal Party's MEPs have voted against the European Commission's proposal on food distribution to the most deprived persons because the proposal has been tabled with a legal basis in agricultural policy, even though it is not an agricultural policy instrument.
The upcoming EU-US summit will be a wonderful opportunity to clarify this point and to clearly define what the strategic partnership really is.
The adoption of this complex report represents a very important step for the European community who are calling loudly for clear responses and quick solutions to overcome this difficult economic crisis.
The current legislation in force allows for derogation.
I would like to thank all the rapporteurs from the bottom of my heart for their collaboration.
But development cooperation is the one policy area of external action (besides humanitarian aid) which is not designed to serve EU interests, but to defend the interests of the most vulnerable populations of this planet.
I have been unable to mention every part of this report.
Regardless of the external dimension, cross-border cooperation programmes should not be pursued under the regulations for development aid.
9.
Regional meetings should perhaps be organised more closely together; on 25 January, I will make some concrete proposals in this regard to the Bureau of the Joint Parliamentary Assembly.
The former President of Lithuania vetoed the draft law, while the new President has set up a working group, which will submit a new draft of the law to Parliament in its session this autumn.
in writing. - It seems that a significant consequence of the competition brought about by the implementation of MiFID has been market fragmentation which has, in itself, encouraged the explosive growth of HFT strategies.
Even though considerable progress has been made in certain areas and industrial sectors, there are still inequalities which persist.
I have full confidence in what you are going to do.
The Council's objections with regard to the legal basis have been overcome and Parliamentary approval has become necessary, so I believe that all the conditions for consent to this protocol with Liechtenstein have been met.
There is an attempt here, however, to use the IPPC Directive as a back door through which to bring in parts of the soil protection directive, which we successfully fought off in the past.
Compulsory fingerprinting will increase that price significantly, so that a family of four who want to travel abroad will need to spend quite a bit of money before they leave.
It is essential to continue work on the single market and harmonisation of customs and tax legislation.
Our fundamental objective in Copenhagen is still to achieve a legally binding agreement.
The EU can only be credible and effective in exerting pressure if it makes sure that minority rights are respected in all its Member States.
I agree with Mr Maaten that all the countries of the Western Balkans share the view that one day they will be able to join the European Union if they meet the conditions of Union membership, based as they are on the Copenhagen criteria.
Among those options, there should be international tax and financial measures and financing from international aviation and shipping.
The economic and financial crisis, the environmental crisis and the social crisis faced by this continent require transnational European answers.
in writing. - I could not vote for this report because it sacrifices some of the European Parliament's hard won new powers in international trade for the expediency of an agreement with the Council on implementing powers in other areas.
in writing. - (PT) This recast relating to the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (RoHS) is necessary, according to the Commission, because of uncertainty with regard to scope, a lack of clarity with regard to legal provisions, and disparities among Member States with regard to the conformity of the products in question.
One of these is the establishing of a regulatory and supervisory system, which leaves no financial market, no financial instrument and no financial institution off the record book.
Of course, we hope that the mediation efforts by Egypt and the Arab League can continue.
Anyone who votes in favour of granting discharge to the Council now will be giving their support to precisely this situation, where Parliament stands before the Council making meek requests.
The CFP has become a bureaucratic nightmare with over regulation and micro-management plaguing the industry while achieving little in the way of positive outcomes.
In a worldwide crisis, Europe will need to find the strength within itself to bring the economy up to the required standard once more.
(DE) Madam President, Mr Dalli, firstly, I would like to thank Mr Dalli for his efforts in the area of prevention.
That is central to European integration.
Shortly afterwards, storm Xynthia buffeted France.
Among the more important provisions of the directive we are working on is the concept of 'nearly zero energy buildings'.
The roles are divided.
Now, tired of waiting for the outcome of the interminable wrangling, President Ouattara's Republican forces have launched an offensive on Abidjan.
The EU is, in fact, the only trading block that does not provide direct funding to its GNSS programme.
I have worked on it seriously; I have not been ideological or biased, and I have taken account of all the obstacles and been anxious to make progress.
Women and business leadership (
However, I believe that we need to proceed towards adoption of this regulation quickly, and I therefore welcome the position taken by the European Parliament as a step in the right direction.
Part of that process also entails setting up a permanent institutional organisation, but that is not the most important part.
Improvements in the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding - Precarious women workers (debate)
I repeat, the minimum wage.
It is criteria relating to 'other areas with natural handicaps', pursuant to Article 50(3)(a) of Regulation (EC) No 1698/2005, that are in question in this report.
I am also grateful for the amendment in which we call on the Commission to help Member States in implementing a localisation and mapping programme for underwater shipwrecks and relics, which are part of Europe's historical and cultural heritage -I come from Spain, a country with a large amount of relics off its coasts.
The decisive answer to this, however, is European unification, particularly with the independent Baltic States, and a clear commitment to continuing the European unification process, which is not yet complete.
The new name - transparency register -makes it easier for non-commercial organisations to join the register.
That has to be done and I hope that there will be a Commissioner responsible for both citizenship and communication from now on, and hopefully under the new Lisbon Treaty.
Trade agreements must not be misused in order to curtail the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals.
The report gives a very good description of the next steps to be taken.
- (SK) Mr President, much time has passed since the Second World War, but surely not enough for us to forget all the horrors of that period.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today, 5 May, is the Fight against Paedophilia and Child Pornography Day in Italy.
The news industry should be more aware of the consequences that an unbalanced use of its power and influence can have on the life and liberty of citizens.
However, its success resulted in unintended overproduction and surpluses which distorted the market and raised environmental concerns.
The purpose of this debate is for us to discuss the reforms carried out by the Republic of Moldova during the last year and the progress made on the path to European integration.
Small countries do not have much money and do not have representations all over Europe and all over the world, which is why they have high hopes of this service.
My second message is about Syria.
In recent years, more and more fundamental rights have been curtailed in the name of combating terror.
This, in turn, inevitably affects the force and credibility of our criticisms toward third countries and our foreign policy efforts for the promotion of human rights and democracy.
I particularly welcome the section in the new Agreement requiring the Commission President to fully respond to the Parliament in the event of this House withdrawing its confidence in a Commissioner.
We do need, as I said here, the attitude on both sides to go forward, which is what I said in my speech if you will recall.
Let me explain briefly: through the use of origin marking, buyers will be sure they are buying a textile product that is not harmful to their health nor that of their children because the labelling will comply with all the rules of this important regulation which, at the cost of significant sacrifices, European institutions have imposed on all industries in this sector.
However, we are unable to carry out an assessment of the quality of these criteria, that is to say, whether or not these criteria now work, because we currently have no access to any area simulations.
Firstly, the issue of whether to include a chapter on sustainable development.
The secret services permanently monitor the telephone conversations of the current government's political opponents.
We wanted improved trade in environmental goods.
Mr Besset has requested the floor.
We saw the recent spat between Ukraine and Russia and the downstream effects it had on consumers in countries as far afield as Bulgaria and Slovakia.
An increasing number of companies are relocating, taking advantage of reduced labour costs in a number of countries, particularly China and India, with a damaging effect on countries which respect workers' rights.
It must be about finally putting a stop to the privatisation of public services - security systems like old-age provisions.
There is a list of participants in the scheme - we could include this and I think this would suffice.
Now, almost a year later, we must move up a gear and do everything we can to ensure that Europe becomes a source of inspiration and a force for proposals.
In my experience this is the opposite of the truth.
Social economy enterprises have a unique way of doing business since they combine economic performance mutually between members, and often also the achievement of social and societal objectives, as a business purpose.
Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, we cannot allow certain governments to build new ones.
Mr President, the situation of the Eritrean refugees in Sinai is tragic.
(PT) Mr President, the European Union is facing a time of major reforms.
I welcome the fact that the regulation concerning statistics on plant protection products will complete the legislative package of European plant protection policy, which can then enter into force.
So far in this crisis, the banks have been backed to the tune of billions of euro in order to save the entire system.
In the midst of an economic and social crisis, with drastic effects for jobs and people's living conditions, the draft Community budget for 2010, which we are discussing today, falls very short of what is required and, once again, shows what 'European solidarity' really means.
Audit policy - lessons from the crisis (
- Motion for a resolution (B6-0518/2207)
Many people have said to me that this will be the most difficult presidency for many years.
It was a commitment to cohesion policy, of which I remain a long-term advocate, in order to prevent any regional disparities in this internal market.
For instance, I am supporting the idea of a bank levy.
We believe that the economic governance, the economic government of the Union needs to have solid foundations.
This example alone explains my total opposition to opening negotiations on a visa waiver agreement between the European Union and Brazil.
Many of these introductions into Europe's coastal seas and inland waters are due to 'aquaculture and stocking practices'.
We are still a long way from being able to consider the option of the country's accession to the European Union - repeatedly referred to by President Saakashvili - a realistic possibility, given that Georgia does not meet the objective requirements allowing it to aspire to such a desire.
I must stress the need for the EU to respond to demographic challenges.
Can the Commission outline what measures are in place to help small to medium-sized companies based in Europe who wish to export and invest in developing economies such as China?
A key element or key word here is proportionality, because it must be demonstrated convincingly that the same end cannot be achieved with less intrusive means.
With the European External Action Service, we are now attempting to bring the foreign policy instruments of the Union within a coherent framework.
I urge you to perhaps look at 4 May - bring it back a few days - because, if you deny that vote, you are going to deny the United Kingdom a chance to oppose or support measures ...
All older people should have the right to have access to health care, whatever their age.
The reports on those visits resulted in heated debates, and this Parliament urged the Council and Commission to take action.
Ms Reding, this is the time for the EU to prove that it is a community of values and that it will intervene if fundamental rights are being violated.
Parliament has been overhasty in announcing financial support for the protesters, many of whom were openly displaying anti-Semitic slogans.
President of the Commission. - Regarding the Middle East peace process, I do not remember a single international meeting in the last 30 years where this issue was not mentioned.
We have to respect that Treaty of Accession, which was signed by all the Member States, including Lithuania.
Indeed, transparency is essential to the functioning of the European institutions, which are often accused of a lack thereof.
There can be no doubt that tangible results will only be achieved if integrated measures are taken at various levels - political, social, legal and educational.
Thousands of UPS employees have now been battling since May to have their colleagues re-instated and for better working conditions.
Throughout this fruitful process, I have been encouraged by the large degree of convergence on the overall direction and on concrete initiatives.
I am happy to say that the report we are presenting here today has emerged from extremely good cooperation with the shadow rapporteurs, Ms Trautmann, Mr Rohde, Mr Chichester and Mr Lamberts, who have supported the proposal.
President of the Commission. - Mr President, before this month's Seoul Summit there was concern that once the pressure of the crisis which brought G20 countries together was receding, the G20 would find it impossible to fulfil its role as the primary forum for global economic coordination.
As you know, Spain could become an important transit axis for Europe, thanks to its connection with Algeria via the Medgaz pipeline, which is already in an advanced stage of construction, and its six liquefied natural gas plants, whose capacity could be doubled if another emergency situation were to occur.
Solutions must also be taken into account, along with this measure, for supporting the implementation of irrigation systems where their use is necessary.
Most here talk as though Iceland being sucked into the Euro black hole is a done deal.
So I would urge all Members to support it.
I am not yet sure whether this is really confirmed, but there will also be a Hamas press conference in the evening at 20.00.
I think that, in terms of energy policy, we need, to a certain extent, to move away from the debate of the past, which sought to achieve something with simple figures, binding targets and miracle solutions, because we have clearly not achieved enough.
It is not good enough simply to have no impact - it must have a positive impact.
It can give us a significant competitive advantage, and so education and language exchange programmes should be supported, but not only in large urban areas, where access to these things is already easier.
All in all, one thing has become clear: we will only be able to achieve our objectives if we in fact have a regional policy that reaches all the regions of Europe.
I think that President Kibaki and Prime Minister Odinga will take appropriate action.
When any regional or national authority issues a warning for the whole of Europe, it can only be a disaster.
We are now in a position to give the Commission the basis for the programming of the TEN-T of the next decade.
They were heading towards 2 000%, which meant we were well on the way to banana republic status, but even the 500% rates were not enough - our currency crashed and George Soros won.
There is a strong possibility that the security situation in Iraq will deteriorate in the event that these elections are disputed by some Iraqi groups or in the case of internal conflicts.
This has been achieved mainly thanks to a substantial reduction of the error rate in cohesion; this progress reflects the Commission's enhanced supervisory role through the ex-ante assessment of management and control systems of the Member States.
Is it worth pointing out here the serious economic and social consequences that a moratorium would have, not to mention how it might jeopardise our energy independence?
We have the basis on which to act.
Currently, 18 Member States voluntarily collect that data.
After listening to consultants and after listening to different professional groups, we have tried to improve on the text that was given to us by the Council and the Commission, making it more applicable and more consistent, safeguarding what amounts to the expression of and the right to religious practices, in all their facets.
It is difficult to comprehend why, at a time when it is most needed, the Commission wants to save Community money from the CAPs most social facet, especially since there is a budgetary surplus every year in the agricultural budget.
Mr President, I would like to start by thanking my fellow Members for their very wise words during the debate and, above all, for the resolve that I can see that all my fellow Members have to fight this violence.
Obviously, when civil protection resources are used, it must be in accordance with the international guidelines as set out in the European Consensus.
Union for the Mediterranean (debate)
Within the confines of Question Time, it is not possible to spell out their contents to you, but I do want to attempt to highlight the key points.
Here are some examples.
That victim was Mrs Jeleva, against whom, I might add, there were, in the end, relatively few charges.
We must support the governments that focus their efforts on making their countries attractive to their own citizens.
This territory, which was under Spanish administration until 1976, is still the subject of considerable tension between the Moroccan authorities and the independence movement.
The decision by Edi Rama's Socialist Party to boycott the parliament on the basis of alleged electoral fraud has compounded Albania's instability.
However, the role of Parliament is proving a little more difficult to find agreement on with the Council.
This can be promoted by good cohesion policy, the main cornerstones of which have already been successfully agreed.
Reading our newspapers, I see that the Spanish Government has urged that goods from Japan be checked carefully for radiation; that the Netherlands Government has cautioned dock workers to handle all containers from Japan with care; that the French Government has called for the checking of all imports; and that the German authorities are demanding random checks on all goods imported from Japan including cars.
It was requested there that the activities and work of the European Parliament should reflect the indignation of organisations involved in combating poverty, given the social consequences of the crisis and the severity and extent of poverty.
The EU's relations with third countries should be based on other interests, on mutual interests, always with respect for the sovereignty of both parties and of course with respect for the management of their resources.
However, on this last point, I have to say that the Democratic Movement's delegation was disappointed.
Madam President, I have the honour of answering a question from Mrs Harkin.
Experience and logic clearly show that this mobilisation turns out to be most effective and efficient if pursued through the direct engagement of subnational levels of European governments.
And, allied to that, we would like to know from the Commission what national barriers and loopholes are currently halting progress on interoperability, and which Member States are the most obstructive.
I firmly believe, Commissioner, that the European Parliament will be happy to help you in this task.
We cannot afford to relax these conditions.
The participation of Ukraine in European Union programmes represents an important step both for Ukraine and for the EU.
The Commission services are currently evaluating EU legislation on the free movement of workers, and in particular Regulation (EEC) No 1612/68, and are exploring the options for improving the enforcement of EU law on freedom of movement, including, where necessary, by presenting an initiative in 2012.
However, this is now not only limited to neoliberal tendencies, but has dire consequences for countries with weak economies, where it is imperative to strengthen public policies to support public services, create employment with rights, and eradicate poverty.
To the citizens of Cuba...
Lastly, we should speak plainly about immigration.
We, who have lived through these events, must bear witness to them.
I am in favour of such codification and have voted in favour of this report.
With regard to Euro-Atlantic Security, we will urge Russia to take an active part in the Corfu Process prior to a forward-looking decision being taken in Athens.
Nevertheless, we are aware that responsibility does not so much lie with the Commission as with Member States, and that the low implementation is particularly due to the approval, in May and June 2007, of funds included in the solidarity framework and management of migration flows, and to delays in the implementation of other specific programmes (such as those relating to civil justice and information, and drugs prevention).
(FR) Mr President, climate change has already caused 300 000 deaths, and inaction, for us, is a crime against humanity.
For anyone in need of exercise, 2 Gs is plenty of exertion.
The European Economic and Social Committee has played an active role in gathering ideas from its national counterparts, which will enrich the debate - in fact, I will be meeting the Economic and Social Committee in Prague.
I voted in favour of the European Parliament joint resolution on the Danube, proposing that a European strategy be drawn up for this region as a matter of the utmost urgency.
This suggestion allows an economy of scale in financial, human and technical resources.
Last week, Mr Cameron also published a pamphlet entitled 'Let us choose growth', which I can only encourage all Members of this House to read.
Our considerations are based on the fact that the ban on advertising prescription-only medicines should under no circumstances be relaxed and that there is a significant difference between information and advertising.
Therefore, it is a welcome development that the European economic stimulus plan should set aside resources for the construction of the gas pipeline.
European audiovisual practices have resulted in a pluralist media model built around a dual system.
A lot is spoken about the Portuguese situation, but a report this month by the International Monetary Fund concluded that Portugal has been one of the countries putting the most reforms in place to ensure the sustainability of the public finances and social security.
That brings me to the third question: what about the price of the communications?
He referred, in particular, to the Commission's role as guardian of the treaties.
Mr President, the debate we have just had on the Roma population and the upcoming Córdoba Summit clearly shows once again that the social and economic integration of the Roma is a problem at European level and therefore requires a European strategy.
I therefore voted in favour of this report.
It is essentially about facilitation of export licences for products that can be used for both military and civil purposes.
Unfortunately, in the light of the constant acts of violence and the human rights violations in the east of the DRC, we are obliged once again to strongly condemn the massacres, the crimes against humanity and the acts of sexual violence committed against women and girls that are still taking place in the eastern province.
In my opinion, the proposal to modify impact assessments after the introduction of amendments by Parliament is very important, and I also share the opinion of those who believe that we need to apply uniform criteria for impact assessments in all the institutions.
As far as minor uses are concerned, Parliament has fought to have the Commission draft proposals in the short term to establish a European fund.
My group and I think that it is quite wrong to discuss an ongoing individual court case in a parliament.
Obviously, I supported my own report.
It is also crucial given the launch of the new institutions: the new Commission, the permanent President of the Council and the High Representative of the European Union.
It was a national response of organised struggle, demonstrating that workers, women, young people and retired people are tired of being the victims of policies dictated by the interests of large, national and European economic and financial groups.
What a disgrace!
Therefore, I welcome the proposals with regard both to accessing finance via the capital markets and to ensuring that the venture capital funds set up in any Member State can operate and invest freely in the companies in the EU.
Obviously canned food has its advantages, including canned fish, because it can hold for a prolonged period of time and is therefore suitable for managing stocks.
The negotiations have not started, Parliament has not made a statement and the Member States are just starting their discussion.
I had the opportunity to thank Minister Sándor Pintér, the Hungarian Minister of the Interior in charge of civil protection, for all the efforts of the various services involved and for the bravery and dedication of the first responders.
I wish to tell you that last week, the European Commission sent a delegation to Chişinău for technical consultations with the authorities on negotiating a new agreement.
I endorse the version of this report which was agreed on and voted through in the Committee on Fisheries.
Europe will only be a credible partner in negotiations if it presents realistic, achievable and common-sense proposals, which will be a starting point for reaching international consensus and understanding.
Last Thursday night, a colleague of ours, Linda McAvan, was involved in a very serious car accident.
However, at the moment, Turkey is not meeting them and, in that regard, there are two essential factors, democracy and human rights, which are central to the analysis of Turkey's possible future membership of the European Union.
More specifically, I am referring to the Autonomous Government of the Valencian Community which, in 2007, closed the TV repeaters of La Carrasqueta and Mondúver.
The debate is closed.
In 2008, it once again witnessed total destruction.
As the report itself confirms, the High Representative is therefore called upon to appear before the European Parliament and to consult it frequently and regularly.
My fellow Member, Mr Färm, and I have asked Mr Rehn to get to the bottom of this during his final days as Commissioner for Enlargement.
It is likely to be many decades before there is a properly functioning international carbon market, so we need a new and additional financing measure now.
The EU will see to and encourage further freedoms for all Burmese citizens and remains concerned about Aung San Suu Kyi's wellbeing and safety, as she is being kept under surveillance by state security services.
I think the introduction of a system of degressivity of aid as the size of a holding increases above a certain threshold is necessary to avoid overcompensating larger holdings that already enjoy major economies of scale.
I agree fundamentally with the objective of the proposal: to reduce the risks of the use of dichloromethane (DCM) by the general public and by professionals.
Prior authorisation will also serve as a tool to enable health authorities to ensure the safety of those patients who stay in their home countries.
The new Eurovignette Directive, which is intended to encourage the implementation of harmonised charging systems in the Member States in order to improve the efficiency and environmental performance of heavy goods vehicles, will end up penalising certain peripheral Member States, such as Italy, which are countries of departure or destination of goods.
We also maintain that Member States implementing structural reforms which contribute to job preservation or creation and to reduction of poverty should be given the opportunity to deviate from their respective medium-term budgetary objectives.
Fines here need to be drastically increased, especially for repeat offences.
The merger of funds and master-feeder-structures will be possible, and cooperation between supervisory authorities will be strengthened, something that was also mentioned by the Commissioner.
On the other hand, there are arrests, press restrictions, in other words, a situation that is dangerously reminiscent of the one in Belarus, which my fellow Members spoke about.
The situation in the Czech Republic provides evidence of the fact that there is a real problem.
In my home country, the question of access to compositions on the Internet is being debated, particularly after the prominent trial that resulted in the Pirate Bay ruling.
We consider the emergence of discriminative gender stereotypes, which could act as an impediment to gender equality to be unacceptable.
This inadequacy needs to be rectified as soon as possible.
In fact, it is important to safeguard the rights of those who use air transport on a daily basis.
I think that the opposite is the case.
My request to the rapporteur is that he include in the report a statement to the effect that the European Parliament calls on the Council to put the swiftest possible end to the continuing position of the Netherlands as the largest net contributor per citizen.
Any delay would create problems for farmers throughout the Member States.
Gross domestic product is the best known measure worldwide.
Once again, I would like to thank our rapporteur and to thank the House for its strong support for this measure.
3.
I thus have no intention of changing my opinion in this regard - it should be a principle or a right of local self-government to define social services, including social housing, at that local level and to exclude social services from the scope of competition and State aid law.
We have made tremendous progress in the last three years.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, let me stress that EU law protects the confidentiality of electronic communications.
Thirdly, I should like to stress the importance of policies to stimulate entrepreneurship.
To me, that seems to be the first prerequisite if we are to gain the support of the local population.
Council, be warned, because we really want to translate these ideas into practice.
Many thanks, Mr Cohn-Bendit.
After all, information on where a substantial part of a product was produced, and under what conditions, is not worthy of concealment; on the contrary, this information will give consumers a better orientation in the globalised marketplace.
I think, therefore, that there is no need for us to continue isolating Taiwan.
Mr Papandreou, the Prime Minister, has done everything in his power to get out of this difficult situation.
That is the outcome of the vote.
I was receiving a report about the situation in Belgium, and I did not fully understand.
There also needs to be more effective cooperation with the international organisations working to protect fundamental rights and freedoms.
It takes the view that the EU should seize the opportunity of the adoption of NATO's new Strategic Concept in order to substantially strengthen its partnership with NATO while, at the same time, developing the EU's foreign, security and defence policies.
That fact that we are tackling the root causes rather than the symptoms is what gives us the best indication that what we are going to do tomorrow is a step in the right direction.
Finally, the European Commission refers to good relations with third countries, but these agreements cannot be seen as instruments of international diplomacy.
Firstly, the real lack of interoperability, particularly in signalling; and secondly, the Railway industry itself - in particular, passenger operators and infrastructure providers who collude with each other to ensure that rail freight is placed at the bottom of the pile when it comes to pathing and timetabling.
I therefore propose adding the following phrase to this paragraph: as it is the fact in the S&D Group.
Stepping up the fight against undeclared work (
Sadly, respect for children's rights has not yet been universally ensured.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, Minister, I would like to present a statistic, an observation, and three courses of action.
It also includes precise deadlines for the implementation of individual projects, together with measurable and achievable targets.
We must protect them particularly against violence and poverty, and we want to provide the conditions for their education, safety and personal development.
I have voted against Mr Böge's report on the Mid-Term Review of the 2007-2013 Financial Framework.
I can say that we have shown flexibility on this issue in a variety of ways, and that the rights of different passengers have been taken into consideration.
If you do not mind, I would rather not comment just now on articles in various publications, because I do not think we shall get anywhere by responding to articles like this.
In the Sino-Tibetan dialogue, the Tibetan side has recently submitted an updated memorandum on genuine autonomy for the future of Tibet.
It was not easy, however.
Permitted uses of orphan works (
One of the European Union's development aims is to modernise social structures, including employment structures.
It further underlines the need to measure quality of life in societies, considering that achieving and sustaining quality of life involves important, consensual factors such as health, education, culture, employment, housing, and environmental conditions.
British farmers are amongst the most efficient in the world and they work, after bitter experience, to the highest standards of animal welfare and traceability.
As such, it would seem urgent for national governments to implement SEPA services and to make the rules which regulate this initiative adequate so that there will, in fact, be a simplification of the current position regarding payments services and a reduction in costs for the benefit of consumers.
Withdrawing DCM from general circulation therefore seems to be the most sensible and responsible solution.
In short, we need to develop awareness campaigns for parents and adolescents concerning the dangers of child pornography on the Internet, in particular, the risk of sexual exploitation in chat rooms and Internet forums.
Instead of an agency for armament, we call for a disarmament agency.
The Commission confirms its willingness to seek a compromise with Parliament and Council.
One hundred thousand people have taken refuge in Uzbekistan and very many have died: we do not even know how many, possibly even 2 000.
Once again, I would stress the absolute need for consistency between internal and external processes, as you have already mentioned, Mrs Reding.
Do not get me wrong; the European economy must be stimulated, and intellectual property is an important aspect of this.
After several months of work, I submit to Parliament the report on the social situation of the Roma and their improved access to the labour market, a report which expresses our deeply felt responsibility for the European future of the Roma, an ethnic minority whose population equals that of a member state.
(PL) Mr President, I agree with the fellow Member on many issues.
Delays that occur in dispute resolution have a negative impact on companies and end consumers on both sides of the Mediterranean.
There is one more thing that Europe can do right now: we can increase funding for the Seventh Framework Programme, which has been designed for the purposes of international cooperation on climate change.
It will also be crucial for a good example to be set in public construction projects.
For the simple reason, and this has never existed before, that the people of Ireland are going to vote in three weeks' time and if, as I believe will happen, as is thought will happen, they vote in favour of the Treaty of Lisbon, there is another condition for this Commission.
At the very least, consumers must be able to identify eggs and egg products produced in compliance with European standards.
EU external action will always involve different actors.
Conditions will also improve for a much-needed sharing of expertise and experience in this area.
It is unacceptable that our new rules prevent this.
The mandatory funding of abortions from the public purse deprives healthcare of its moral imperative and debases it to the level of a luxury that cannot be withheld.
When proceedings remain unresolved for too long or accusations of corruption are made but the proceedings taken against the accused take too long, it damages the overall development of the country.
Indeed, the text explicitly mentions that local, regional and municipal authorities are not expected to register.
Also forming part of this priority is the issue of children's human rights, on which the report contains several points that I believe are quite interesting.
With the package of measures on climate change and energy, Europe is now moving on the track of an economy of low carbon dioxide emissions.
We can then really help people who want to implement projects but do not have the necessary start-up capital.
Regarding the principle of cofinancing, whilst we recognise the importance of the assumption of responsibilities by national authorities when applying cohesion policy, we consider that, in view of the current profound crisis, something which has particularly affected certain Member States and their regions, the rules relating to cofinancing should be made more flexible.
That is why the European Parliament hopes that the European Union will make a financial commitment commensurate with what is at stake, firstly in terms of what is left of the financial perspective 2007-2013, and that, in the financial perspective 2014-2020, the Union's undertaking will be much greater, so that the six major projects on the table can be completed.
As on other occasions, we voted in favour.
Mr Schulz, the chairman of our political group, confirmed on behalf of the group that Parliament did not consent to doing away with tens of thousands of jobs in shipyards and at the undertakings supplying them.
I would like to encourage the EU Member State governments to strengthen and support consumer organisations.
The euro must not be allowed to turn the EU into a huge redistribution mechanism based on mandatory solidarity.
Face up to your responsibility to examine critically how countries deal with this legislation and whether they apply it effectively.
It will relieve EU exporters of industrial and agricultural goods from Korean tariffs, saving them EUR 1.6 billion in duties annually, half of these directly from the day of the entry into force of the agreement.
Only in that way can we strengthen our credibility and reliability in the eyes of the citizens.
It proves that if we had a strong budget, there would not have been a speculative attack on the sovereign debts of Greece or Portugal.
Full employment will become a goal, the sustainable social market economy will become the European social and economic model and fundamental social rights will be enshrined in the treaty.
Addressing the challenge of the oil price increase (vote)
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, it is with reluctance that I will vote for the final compromise.
Why have we set such high limits?
It is my opinion that the European Commission is obliged to develop a plan of action to eliminate human trafficking effectively.
Europe must, however, remain competitive in this sector and continue prospecting for gas so that it can diversify its energy sources.
The new fundamental law would have guaranteed that the elections were held in transparent circumstances.
Mr President, I found part of the discussion a bit strange.
In addition to protecting consumers, the legislation is also aimed at safeguarding the health and safety of workers.
Every non-EU worker wishing to settle in Europe will still have to get a residence permit first.
We must also ensure a balanced and fair approach towards assessing the various banking structures and business models in the individual Member States, and try to ensure that the new stress tests relate, as far as possible, to the entire banking sector in each Member State.
Obviously, we are right to recommend the double-check approach: sanction and isolate the regime, open increased assistance to the society.
To this end, I should like to emphasise the importance of the professionalism of the members of the panel of experts appointed to evaluate the sites, as well as the rigorousness of the procedures for attribution of the label and reviewing its maintenance as time goes on.
As I said at the beginning, Ukraine matters.
It is very important that we maintain a balance.
An information campaign is needed to heighten awareness of Europeana.
After the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force, we can seize the historical moment to create a vital and strong area of freedom, security and justice.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
This is how we made the transition from the growth models of the 1950s, according to which the economy sooner or later stabilises and loses its momentum, to the endogenous growth models of the 1980s, in which technology and the design of constantly different and innovative products allow the economy to maintain a positive growth rate over the long term.
in writing. - The Verts/ALE Group voted in favour of the resolution on the G20 for several reasons, among which: - by referring to the need to develop new indicators which go beyond GDP, the EP gives a clear signal that 'economic recovery' must not be based on a 'business as usual approach', which is in line with our request to develop a 'Green New Deal'; - the resolution insists on the need to tackle global imbalances, especially exchange rate imbalances and commodity price volatility within a multilateral framework; - the resolution sends a good signal towards the setting-up of a tax on financial transactions, which was never the case until now; - as regards the financial crisis, the EP makes a strong statement on international coordination that should aim to avoid regulatory arbitrage.
The institutional crisis facing the Union demonstrates to us all the consequences of adopting the wrong approach to this issue.
The US is one of our international partners; it is a country that has many things to admire and with whom we have common interests.
However, they lack choice when it comes to accessing finance and this is a major obstacle to their creation and growth.
I have indeed noted that my position is in the minority, although I do not feel ill at ease.
Division makes us weak in their eyes.
The number of maternity hospitals authorised to preserve and store cord blood is still too small, and the figures prove it.
Over the past months we have insisted on the importance of these elections for the country's European future.
I welcome the determination of its leaders and the changes which have been taking place in the country to bring it up to European standards, particularly with regard to democracy, human rights and respect for the rule of law.
However, the increased over-representation of women in 'non-standard' employment is extremely worrying and I would like to repeat the report's calls on the Commission to encourage Member States to 'exchange best practices and make full use of the cofinancing opportunities offered by the Structural Funds ... to ensure broader access to affordable, quality childcare and elderly care facilities so that women are not forced to undertake these duties on an informal basis'.
If we really want to help, and if there is a problem with absorption of the funding, I am here to facilitate it for everybody, but until now, no such effort has been made.
It is a new court, it is a new opportunity for guaranteeing fundamental human rights, for example, the right to equality.
Are you possibly going to adjust the stress test?
2.
Opening of the sitting
5.
Did you give me all the tools I need with the Lisbon Treaty?
That is why, apart from anything else, we need to impose a tax on financial transactions, firstly in order to limit the size of this financial sector and, secondly, in order to save resources for new social and development policies.
Secondly, I think it important to underline the strategic importance of this whole game and, thirdly, the need to intensify collaboration with developing countries and emerging countries, without taking money away from the poorest countries.
Where is the serious discussion on the ineffectiveness and perversity of market instruments, such as the carbon market, of flexibility mechanisms like the clean development mechanism, of the hot air and other juggling tricks that serve more to open up good business prospects for a few people than to achieve reduction targets?
It must be possible to allow a bank to fail whilst still protecting customers.
Only by standing together did we manage to get the Council to take on these two dossiers, and we succeeded.
That already represents considerable progress with regard to both the aspect of gender equality and the other aspect of geographical balance.
It therefore remains a fact that any Roma integration policy will have to deal with this obstacle: their actual desire or willingness to integrate.
Our knowledge of renewable technologies today gives a good guarantee that we really could make a change in these countries.
For over a week we have observed the spread of infections in Mexico, in the USA, in Canada, in EU Member States and in other countries.
Compare that to small countries like Israel, Taiwan and Colombia, not to mention giants like India and China, which invest substantial diplomatic resources in building relationships in this House.
The customs services and ministries of justice of the Member States will then need to be given all the means of control and law enforcement to implement strong legislation on the marking of origin and the country of origin.
Negotiation of an EU-Central America Association Agreement (vote)
You cannot, on the one hand, argue that it will bring increased democracy and accountability to the EU whilst, at the same time, denying the electorates of the EU any say whatsoever on this document.
Opening workplace nurseries will make it easier for parents to return to the labour market after a longer break.
(Protests)
In other words, there are huge discrepancies.
This will result in a considerable increase in costs for the EU Member States.
Those in the South want to have a more institutionally defined framework for economic integration.
We need our own resources, therefore, not just palliatives.
That is why Amendment 81 is so important.
The PRC has made great strides since the report that I had the honour of presenting in this House in 2002.
The CAP produces measurable results and a clear return on investment with regard to the delivery of public goods.
Has the Greek Government ever asked for this, Commissioner, and you refused it?
The Ombudsman provides an important link with the citizens and his work helps build trust in the EU institutions and makes them more accessible.
You mentioned the four major priorities of greater energy security, more investment in information technology, more education and training and the creation of a form of European economic governance that is to ensure that these priorities can also be implemented.
(HU) Since the outbreak of the economic crisis, the European Union has been criticised on several occasions as being incapable of responding in an appropriate way to the crisis situation.
That being said, I must stress the need for an integrated and, at the same time, realistic approach to this problem.
Just one example of this is Eurostat.
There is broad agreement in the Council on the Commission proposal on the Systemic Risk Board for macro-prudential supervision.
Yet what is important now is not that we point the finger - this is not my intention - but just that we draw the appropriate conclusions, that we are better prepared next time; or rather - much more importantly, of course - can prevent such a situation recurring.
The case for reinforcement of both the preventive and the corrective arm of the pact is obvious.
Ambitious EU measures on energy saving and efficiency are essential if Europe is to respond to the challenges of energy security and climate change.
No, if we consider that risk in the mortgage derivatives market, just as in the public-debt market, is impossible to assess.
I have voted against this motion for a resolution.
Everything must be done so that the war lasts as long as possible in order that both sides become exhausted.
We must be clear in our call for full respect for the freedom and the rights that are there for every human being in our world.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I vote in favour of the report by Mrs Záborská concerning inter-generational solidarity.
- Report: Isler Béguin
These are also reasons why the area of rare diseases is an EU health strategy priority.
The commitment made by the G8 leaders to cut these costs from 10% to 5% in the next five years is a first step in this direction.
It is a very important concept of symbiosis between political, civilian and security aspects of our lives.
However, this cannot be achieved from the outside or even by military means; it must be a peaceful and democratic process, which is why I support this proposal with my vote.
I thank you for what you said today when you wished that this Employment Council on 7 May could be a true Employment Council.
If we do this, we will ensure that hope returns once again to the people of Belarus.
You will have an extra 30 seconds.
The states of the former Yugoslavia that remain outside are like gaping black holes in the map of the EU.
Today, we are creating the conditions in which the epilogue will be written.
Corrigendum (Rule 216): see Minutes
The Presidency will try to ensure that Parliament's views are, as far as possible, incorporated into the conclusions that are to be adopted when the Competitiveness Council meets on 3 December this year.
On the other hand, we should be careful in limiting the role of national presidencies in creating their priorities.
Unfortunately, I will not be in Brasilia, but given that we have only met recently to have the first technical talks after a long pause the Summit is unlikely to take firm decisions in relation to this negotiation.
In addition, I fully agree with the Commission's argument that if a precedent is created once for funding such a programme, it will then pose a threat to the whole European Union budget.
We were tasked with preparing the matter thoroughly and analysing - among other things - this report, which answers some questions, but also with other matters.
in writing. - (NL) As the Dutch Christian Democrats (CDA) have always strongly argued for rules to ensure the equal treatment of people irrespective of their religion, belief, disability, age or sexual orientation, we are in favour of the spirit of this directive.
The European Union has been at the forefront in efforts to tackle the issue since the first crisis three years ago, but more needs to be done.
(NL) Mr President, European cooperation in the area of freedom, security and justice (AFSJ) remains a sensitive issue and one which needs to be addressed carefully.
It is only a small percentage of the money taken from taxpayers' pockets and then spent on exactly what the Commission wants, with an added threat to publicise that this or that has been given to us by the EU or face a fine. It is cynical propaganda.
It is expected that accuracy to 45 centimetres will be possible in the near future.
Mr de Magistris has submitted two requests for the exercise of immunity and privileges in two court cases in which he is involved in Cosenza and Milan respectively.
This would give a real industrial boost to the economic recovery.
How will you ensure that the EU's special representative has real leverage, a clear mandate and the united support of the EU behind him or her?
However, these particular cases will raise delicate, complicated questions that have to be considered in advance.
I can support these amendments.
We would like to see - as others have said, right around the House - a directorate for human rights and democracy within the EEAS and, possibly, a special representative.
This is a sector with a wealth of potential for expansion, for growth in the economy, for research and innovation and for tackling climate change.
Written statements (Rule 116): see Minutes
As I understand it, these two systems still coexist in Member States.
This is surely one of its strongest elements with the greatest potential for results: the commitment of all industrialised countries to establish a target for reduction that can be applied right across their economies.
I find it is a really intolerable and humiliating situation that the EU representatives have to ask for access to these entities which had been agreed.
We believe that it is sensible and advisable at a European level to apply the highest safety standards to the use of nuclear energy, regardless of the purpose for which it is being used, and to the management of nuclear waste.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (announcement of motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
The sovereignty of Iraq is at stake, and we should place our trust in this democratically elected Government of Iraq.
The Council also recalls that energy efficiency will be addressed in relation to the wider question of energy security, the protection of the environment and, indeed, the context of the examination of the Second Strategic Energy Review.
in writing. - (IT) I voted in favour.
The Regulation must be reviewed, and quickly.
The competition and innovation programme, the CIP, is struggling for support and the financing for SET, the strategic energy technology programme, is at less than half.
(PL) Mr President, in order to say that a given country meets the requirements for a mature democracy, it is not enough to say that elections to representative bodies, including and in particular the parliament, are held there in line with the principles of universality, secrecy, equality and fairness.
Alzheimer's disease is responsible for more than half of these cases.
But clearly the legal issues surrounding the detention of enemy combatants need to be resolved, and the best way of doing so is by closing Camp X-Ray.
Why is it that we have policies and programmes in our ACP countries that we never had in our own European history?
That is my idea of a balanced food and agriculture policy, anyway.
In order to achieve the target of 20% of total energy consumption, we need around 35% of our electricity to be generated from renewable sources.
Petitions: see Minutes
EUR 55 million has been earmarked for the region under the existing budgetary framework.
In the final analysis, fiscal restructuring is one thing and an attack on environmental sustainability is another.
Europeans will have free access only to the least attractive categories of book - titles which are in the public domain and whose copyright has long since expired, for example, books in the Bibliothèque nationale de France which have not been taken out for 200 years.
Greater involvement by the European Commission in stabilising the Romanian and Bulgarian economies will have a beneficial impact across the whole of the European Union, which cannot afford any major imbalances at the moment.
On behalf of the whole of Parliament, I wish the delegation a very warm welcome!
Documents received: see Minutes
It does not call into question freedom of expression and innovation, and guarantees fundamental rights, such as the right to privacy and data protection.
More than half a century ago, the countries of Europe united in order to establish a Single Market.
Article 28 of the Charter stipulates that, in line with EU and national laws and practices, workers or their organisations have the right to negotiate and conclude collective agreements at the appropriate levels, and, in cases of conflicts of interest, to take collective action to defend their interests, including strike action.
in writing. - This report makes sobering reading: for all the talk about the Lisbon agenda, and making Europe the world's most competitive economy by next year, I was shocked to read that the US public sector is spending USD 50 billion per year on research and development procurement.
The regions need specific subsidies to help them to become competitive and to develop economically.
Also in the context of a modern socio-environmental market economy with the three pillars of economy, environment and social affairs - all three being of equal importance so that all Member States can participate in this programme - I support the view of the rapporteur that, as previously, the programme should be funded 100% by the European Union.
The recent gas crisis highlighted the need for us to adopt a serious and united approach to dealing with the issue of the European Union's dependency on its resource suppliers.
I would like to draw your attention to Article 36, in which the report notes that Member States must carry out risk assessments and ensure that companies do not encounter pointless obstacles when performing the necessary procedures electronically.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 16 December 2010.
The Czech Republic has assumed leadership of the EU after France, which I consider to be more than symbolic.
First, because such an increase would distort fishing operations towards more fuel-intensive technologies with greater negative impact on the marine environment.
It is particularly important for the Commission to actually improve Members' access to documents, including proposals for international agreements.
I voted in favour of this important resolution on the maximum permitted levels of radioactive contamination of foodstuffs and feedingstuffs following a nuclear accident or any other case of radiological emergency.
I would also like to underline that such a register does not replace our individual efforts for transparency and the need for rethinking our work in this regard.
Once upon a time, it was 0.85.
We will see what happens, therefore, either in this Parliament when your pact with the eurosceptics has fallen through, or at the polls in France in 2010 and in Germany in 2013, where I think the voters will agree with us.
It is the wrong approach.
However, this is all the more reason why this task is even more important.
The Eastern Partnership should not be limited to cooperation between governments.
Despite the valuable work of intergroups they have been marginalised over the last year and, effectively, they are being shut down by in-house parliamentary rules that refuse intergroups meeting rooms and slots in the schedule of the Strasbourg sitting.
Redirecting Europe towards a green economy and industry will create jobs, open up new avenues of research and, last but not least, reduce every state's expenditure.
They have also asked the Italian Government to modify its position on the Centre for Temporary Stay.
Saudi citizen Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri was arrested in 2002 by the United States and transferred to the Guantánamo base in 2006, accused of war crimes and terrorism.
For this reason, I have suggested the creation of a European agency for Roma, with the role of coordinating at European level policies targeted at this minority.
I support the idea that patients should make choices based on their needs and not according to their finances, on a fully informed basis and not under duress.
I believe this could definitely strengthen the expertise and recommendations.
For this reason, I recommend that you think this over again as soon as possible and that you pay attention to what is said in the impact assessment.
It is up to the migrant populations to adapt to our cultures if they intend to stay in our countries.
Thirdly, expertise must be enhanced.
I would also like to say that we do not regard lobbyism as something bad per se.
Apart from EU and IMF financing, I can inform you that the United Kingdom and Sweden have indicated that they stand ready to contribute to the programme through bilateral loans, which is welcome.
Even if this figure were lower, that would, in my eyes, justify going ahead with the debate on this issue in order to encourage the activities of European micro-entities.
The Brussels authorities have replied very positively to the European Parliament's request, and talks are also being held on this subject.
I would like to stress two points.
Yes to partnership, no to paternalism and neo-colonialism!
However, according to an evaluation carried out while the previous agreement was in force, average annual catches in tonnes were lower than the reference tonnage.
Today's debate conveys the message to the countries concerned that the long list of tasks that lies before them as a result of their commitment does not end after being granted visa exemption, and that they still need to provide their citizens with information about what visa-free travel entails in order to prevent abuses of this opportunity.
We know that there is a continual threat of terrorism throughout the world.
It is important to prevent a permanent division between the West Bank and East Jerusalem, on the one hand, and Gaza, on the other.
On 18 November last year, Latvia celebrated the 90th anniversary of its proclamation.
You clearly do not believe the argument yourself that trade preferences can be used to promote prosperity and combat radicalism.
Firstly, it is extremely damaging to consumer confidence in the food industry and, secondly, it is always the farmers who are the innocent parties.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, according to this report, the Commission is following a successful policy on competition.
This text therefore has a twofold objective: to stabilise the financial sector and place it once more at the service of long-term investment.
A report from Europol, Eurojust and Frontex has estimated that 900 000 illegal immigrants enter the European Union every year.
in writing. - I abstained on the roll-call vote on paragraph 62 because I believe that every country - which the EU is not - should ensure that legislation on female genital mutilation is locally originated and applied.
2007 discharge: European Railway Agency (
I hope that the Hungarian Presidency will follow the route taken by Belgium with a focus on the overall interests of Europe.
The world is expected to agree on further international action to tackle climate change at the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference in December.
I would like to thank him for taking the trouble to call me last week and explain why he is unable to be here, and I would like to thank him and his team at DG Trade for their cooperation and, in particular, Martin Dihm for all his assistance.
We therefore also need a strategy for action.
I hope the Council will begin work on this next Monday.
However, if the European Union fails as a transnational project for securing peace and prosperity and breaks apart, then it will be more than just a political union that breaks apart.
We fully recognise the growing strategic importance of the Arctic region.
The impact of reduced emissions may only be felt in several decades' time, but we are already taking concrete steps, giving our targets the force of law.
Differing national interests and approaches and the consensus that was absent in the Council were reflected in the mood of Parliament.
Our Europe 2020 programme is central to this.
I welcome the initiative from the President of the European Parliament, Jerzy Buzek, requesting the European Union for official recognition of the genocide committed by the Nazis and their allies against the Roma population during the Second World War because it marks a step forward in the battle to defend the rights of the most widespread ethnic minority in Europe.
The EU's support is long-term and enduring, and it must be sustainable.
When a parliament like this contracts out the day-to-day administration of its policies to organisations that we barely visit, that we almost never see - we get the odd committee visit maybe once a year - and we expect them to be carrying out the policy with our signing the cheques obligingly every year, we have diminished our democracy.
We must keep in mind that the whole point of this exercise was to help Europe get back to its feet, to pull it out of the mire and to ensure that it can move forward and become globally competitive.
The vote on the Thomsen report will take place on Tuesday, 19 October.
There is no indication at present that the judgment of the Constitutional Court will affect this moratorium.
As a Janus Member - half constitutional, half budgetary - I would like today to speak a little more specifically about Mrs Guy-Quint's report on the new budget system and about the impact that the Treaty of Lisbon will have on this new system.
This, however, will only happen if we are able to create jobs.
We wish to guarantee access to media and education, and regulate against multiple discrimination; some good compromises have been achieved here.
In this respect, therefore, I am proposing that one of the permanent features of the Single Market forum should be to carry out an annual appraisal and audit to gauge the state of play of the Single Market, primarily, whether the objectives and aims set out in the Act have been achieved or not, thus convincing European citizens that the Single Market truly represents their interests and aspirations.
From this point of view, then, this possibility could be examined.
It is, moreover, very important that we invest in research and new applications for different environmental technologies.
Due to strong lobbying from the banking sector or the weak show of political will, it turns out that the government does not get involved in the bilateral contract between the customer and bank.
The JPA must be at the heart of the provision of parliamentary control of negotiations and the implementation of agreements.
Is it not the case that to defend this state of affairs means an embarrassing humiliation with regard to one's own ideology?
Therefore, it seems to me that relating this extension, this petition or this request, to support for the LTTE is quite wrong
The vehicles will be considerably cleaner, but they will remain affordable for small and medium-sized companies.
The possibility and ability to learn and work in an international context is a prerequisite for a successful working life in an ever more globalised economy.
Even if a few countries ban the use of cyanide in gold mining, this is useless if we do not solve the problem at EU level.
The suspension of anchovy fishing in the Bay of Biscay since 2005 has brought great difficulties for economic operators whose livelihoods depended on this economic activity.
Unlike this morning, when we were in such a rush, we now have a few minutes at our disposal; so, breaking with the usual rule, we are going to try to give the floor to all those who have asked to speak under the catch-the-eye procedure.
Trade protection instruments must be effective and must guarantee that all our businesses have fair conditions of competition.
It is merely a question of logistics in this context.
Mr President, the establishment of a European Asylum Support Office goes totally against the British opt-out on immigration and is at odds with the UK rejection of the Schengen acquis.
The levying of a charge on heavy goods vehicles is a measure which penalises the outlying countries of the EU, such as Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal.
They will, of course, also be central instruments for the thematic monitoring of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Written declarations included in the register (Rule 123): see Minutes
(Applause)
Mr President, I fully endorse paragraph 1(e) of this report, which talks about the need for a partnership tackling the major issues of climate change, energy security and the fight against poverty and exclusion.
The black market economy is thriving and needs to be tackled on a European-wide basis.
Since Euro 3 vehicles are less polluting than the other most polluting vehicles in the Euro emission categories, the double charge system will apply to them only from a later date, while it will already be applicable to the other categories from the effective date of the directive.
We all know that there is no such thing as an ideal model for pension systems.
I agree that a sound and well-considered process of optimising the legal framework for public procurement is of vital importance for the welfare of EU citizens, for EU consumers and businesses, and for national, regional and local public authorities, and thus for the acceptance of the EU as a whole.
This will open up horizons perhaps also for the Members themselves, but certainly for the younger generation in Switzerland.
What I learn from the Court of Auditors' reports after being here for six years is that we often make mistakes and that we should try to remind colleagues back in the Member States what they have to do.
One example is the following statement in the report:
Now is the time to bring this process finally to an end.
(IT) Mr President, Mr Tajani, ladies and gentlemen, Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism could not, and cannot, avoid the task of providing a holistic response to the need to improve shipping safety and also to lay down the measures to be taken in the event of accidents.
The conclusion of bilateral fisheries agreements between the European Community and non-member countries, termed 'Fisheries Partnership Agreements' (FPA) since 2004, has been standard practice under the common fisheries policy (CFP) and is central to the policy's external dimension.
With this in mind, I have campaigned for a working group to be set up to deal with the Middle East crisis.
Thus, the initial draft of the report, which made provision for the realisation of a House of European History with exorbitant running costs, was absolutely contrary to my firm belief in budgetary restraint where public money is involved.
Maybe in the future we will not need those fossil reserves at all.
I therefore consider it important for us to address the EU Member States first of all:
In that way, we can together establish a high standard at the European level.
To ensure better cohesion between the different pillars of the agreement is absolutely essential.
Some of the areas which the package focuses on include the needs of displaced persons inside the country and on economic measures aimed at generating economic growth and stimulating job creation.
Lifting the visa regime in the Western Balkans will benefit security, the freedom of the citizens of those countries and the entire European Union.
I agree very strongly with the speakers who said that it was not the European Union itself that was in crisis but that a part, a good part, of the Member States had become entangled in a debt crisis, a debt spiral.
It may not have been the best decision.
I regret, however, that the European Parliament has rejected certain proposals by Mrs Liotard, notably on the equating of certain products (additives, flavourings, etc.) to foodstuffs, the publication of European studies in this field or labelling, and, in particular, on products made from animals raised on GMOs.
The cohesion policy Objective 1 regions; this point has to do with convergence in terms of gross national product, which needs serious strengthening.
The Greek Government has taken some measures, some courageous measures that I applaud.
The real problem is that the costs of producing food are rising faster, and this is a treadmill on which farmers cannot continue.
This will give service providers a better opportunity to compare different markets and obtain the overview needed to be able to expand their operations.
Member of the Commission. - The Commission shares the concern of the honourable Member that population growth in Africa and the long-term impact of high fertility rates could contribute significantly to increased pressure on Africa's natural resources and determining the development trajectory of the African continent.
It is therefore a good thing that this rests with the Member States, and I would like to thank you very much for your cooperation.
A few multinational companies would then dominate the European market.
Arresting the opposition is an even stronger signal.
Assisting spouses must be covered as regards pensions, family allowance, health care, incapacity benefit and maternity benefits.
To attain these goals, we believe it is essential for education and vocational training to continue to be treated as a long-term common political priority, which can be translated into reality only with the participation and commitment of all stakeholders, the EU institutions and those involved at local and regional level.
The European Union that fosters democracy must firstly ensure that the opposition parties of its Member States have the opportunity to work and express themselves freely and control actions for corruption prevention.
I really feel a sense of urgency here.
The so-called 'war' in Kosovo, which remains unresolved and very controversial throughout the international community, has also contributed to the fact that peace is still not a reality in the region.
A glance at our world today shows a very bleak picture: from the Bahá'i in Iran to Copts in Egypt, from the use of blasphemy laws in Pakistan to the attacks on Christians or places of worship in Iraq and Nigeria.
It is in exactly this context that we have to look at the budget for 2012.
I am voting in favour of the report, as there has not yet been a mobilisation of the Fund this year and the budget really ought to be used in a beneficial way.
I think the resolution tabled, which I fully support and which has been widely shared, comes at the right time for us to take on the responsibility of safety, an issue which should represent a diagnosis of the current situation, and to look to the future.
Fight against homophobia in Europe (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
Society is itself a vast repository of knowledge that we will be wasting if we do not involve the citizens in the process of leadership and governance of the European Union.
However, I would like to emphasise the importance of using the comparative benefits of the two organisations in order to draw up a solid humanitarian intervention policy.
I understand that the European Parliament has worked under time pressure and I am pleased that the Commission has been given a second chance to tighten up the text in a report due by the end of 2009.
Therefore, given the fact that national pension systems differ between the Member States, we must take into account the practice in all Member States, and not follow the example of one or just a few countries.
The most important issue in policy terms in the Council will be Copenhagen.
Would the Commission consider introducing an EU regulation for the labelling of sheep meat products which would allow consumers to distinguish between EU products and those from third countries?
Greece faces serious problems with illegal landfill disposal and was condemned, as you know, by the Court in 2005 due to the huge number of illegal landfills that had been operating in its territory.
I am very pleased to see that we carried the amendment which asks the Commission to deal immediately with the issue of adventitious presence of GMOs in imported feeds.
A joint committee is to be established to find possible solutions to problems that arise during implementation.
- The next item is the report by Mr Wojciechowski, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposal for a Council directive on the protection of animals at the time of killing - C6-0451/2008 -.
Thank you.
in writing. - I have decided to vote against this report for two reasons.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
Finally - and this is the most important issue to my mind - we must explain at a local level what is happening at EU level and obtain the public's approval.
The democrat MEPs voted against that decision.
The next item is the report by Mr Csibi, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for energy related products (recast) - C6-0277/2008 -.
Written statements (Rule 149)
As far as the resettlement programme is concerned, I agree that it is necessary to draw up a legislative standard which would restrict illegal immigration into the European Union, and which would establish the conditions for legitimate migration.
Mr Barrot mentioned this too: often during legal proceedings, when a scandal breaks in which the victim is sadly a child, it is precisely the exploited child that is fed to the media without any form of protection, and I would say without any compassion either for their image or for their privacy, and all simply to boost television ratings and sell a few more newspapers.
I would suggest that there be policies and formulas for innovation to see how we can help small businesses to get involved, perhaps sometimes through intermediary bodies that help them to pay for the projects or to carry them out.
The European Union is following this matter very closely, especially in view of the 2005 'Operation Clean-up' which had disastrous effects on the living conditions of 700 000 Zimbabweans.
Finally, I would like to draw your attention to two issues.
Europe's action must be clear, rapid and efficient in the short and long term.
Only then can we envisage the widespread problem of the increase in the incidence and scale of illegal operational discharges of ship-source polluting substances being brought under control, and only then will our task of fighting to keep our seas clean have real hope of success.
The nature of Europe and what unites Europeans who speak different languages and have different traditions is precisely the fact that we share these values of defending human rights.
In spite of real problems, to which Europe is responding with continual shilly-shallying, it should be pointed out that, at world level, the 27 are the biggest exporters of goods, the biggest importers of goods, and the biggest exporters of services.
The flood which affected Pakistan so catastrophically in the summer of 2010 had a disastrous effect on the country's economy.
However, I recognise that the full recovery potential of the ECB's measures did not unfold because their liquidity was not always passed on to the real economy.
To complement the rapporteur's position, we also call on Turkey to comply with its obligations regarding investigations into the fate of missing persons and to stop interfering in the Republic of Cyprus' exclusive economic zone.
Less than a month later, another non-governmental activist, Zarema Sadulayeva, and her husband were abducted and killed.
Reducing differences in payments in different Member States is essential to achieving this objective.
We must not be prejudiced against substances that are currently only being tested, and which may in future bring breakthroughs in the world of technology and electronics.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 20 October, at 12:30.
Old Soviet-design nuclear reactors were active in the territories of the countries in question, and these have proved technically impossible to modernise to meet currently required international safety standards.
A motion for a resolution to wind up the debate has been tabled under Rule 103(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
From this point of view, the approved motion expresses a deepening, in the right direction, of the constitutional process of the EU.
The EU's use of this type of agreement to defend the natural resources of others is noteworthy.
I have two points relating to the past, from 2008 and recent years.
There have been good intentions and constructive cooperation between Mr Kyprianou, and now also Mrs Vassiliou, and Parliament.
The National Strategy for Children and National Child Protection Programme which have been adopted not only specified the objectives, but also concrete measures to be implemented by the executive with regard to childcare.
This is why I voted in favour of this report.
Ensure that the energy market is both transparent and capable of being monitored.
I also welcome the fact that an attempt is being made to get to grips with the causes of the crisis, with reference being made to unbridled speculation and the lack of regulation in the financial market.
The debate is closed.
However, overall the citizens' initiative is simply a veneer of direct democracy, which will lead the citizens to believe that they have the right of codecision on some issues in the European Union.
I also have the hope that these elections will bring Ukraine even closer to the European Union, and may even build a stronger bridge in EU-Russia cooperation.
CEPOL.
(RO) I very warmly welcome the measures put forward by the Commission and Council.
This means it will be a threat to the environment, and this, in turn, means that the EU would have to depart from the European model of agriculture, which affords particular care to the environment, the landscape, biodiversity, the well-being of animals, sustainable development and the social and cultural values of the rural environment.
In this connection, I should like to make it clear that I am opposed to a visa waiver regime for citizens of Kosovo, because I believe that it is necessary to agree this issue with the Serbian side.
Iran is a country which makes no secret of its nuclear ambitions.
The language barrier makes the isolation worse.
(EL) Mr President, as a Greek, I should like to thank the European Commission, the Council and the European Parliament for all the support they have given Greece to date.
During this workshop in Stockholm, it was also stressed that the short-term measures should not be allowed to prejudice the longer term.
The European Union must be able to provide sufficient quantities of food for its population at affordable prices.
It is also clear that the fundamental rules laid down in the Lisbon Treaty are needed now more than ever.
As the rapporteur has spoken out in favour of increased supervision and assessment of internal market policies, I have not voted for the report.
That is why I voted for the report on the European Maritime Safety Agency.
(GA) I want to thank the Commissioner.
ASEAN, the United Nations and the EU have a duty to work more intensively on this now, and not to wait until the situation escalates again before reacting.
On this point I would like to highlight the situation on children's rights, which is a global problem.
It is only a matter of minimum standards and, let us be clear about this, it is not possible to lower the current level of protection in individual Member States on the basis of this new directive.
Unused finance within the framework of DG Climate Action's multiannual programme could be earmarked for the instrument and then directed towards projects within the sustainable energy field.
in writing. - (IT) I voted in favour of the text on EU funding for the decommissioning of nuclear power stations in Lithuania, Slovakia and Bulgaria because, in light of recent events following the earthquake and nuclear crisis in Japan, I believe it is fundamental and crucial that the European Union adopts a policy of safety checks on nuclear reactors which will remove any degree of risk.
It was very important for us.
It also calls on the Commission and Council to ensure that the common agricultural policy after 2013 will have sufficient funding to ensure the viability of all the EU's farmers.
By the end of last year, pig producers had already had to cope with a drop of EUR 0.13.
The EU common response should be based on the principle of EU solidarity between Member States; and we are ready to assist Italy.
We must tell the Council clearly that if it refuses to take the path indicated by us today, it needs to indicate which political priorities are to be struck off the agenda and no longer financed.
Of course - I completely agree - I believe that the European Union has a clear position regarding Iran.
That gap is very large, which is why Mrs Merkel has spoken of a competitiveness pact.
Seeking healthcare abroad could, in particular, benefit patients who are on long waiting lists, or those who are unable to find specialised healthcare.
I notice that you have talked about revisiting the idea of raising our own target to a 30% reduction.
It would also result in these moneys not being returned to the British exchequer from the EU budget when they are unused.
Through the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, we have asked that the International Monetary Fund consider the burden that the crisis has produced on the public finances of the developing countries in the report it is to prepare for the forthcoming G20 meeting, and that the Commission issue a communication in which an assessment is made as to how a tax on financial transactions might help to achieve the Millennium Development Goals, correct the global imbalances and promote sustainable development.
Also, in the partnership which currently exists between the European Union and our authority (the European Maritime Safety Agency - EMSA) and the national safety teams, we have an excellent, high level of cooperative safety between the European Union and those of our Member States that are bordering countries.
Unfortunately, the EU is one of the main markets for the illegal trade in wild species.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Belder on his excellent work.
The scientific credibility of the IPCC is undermined by such things as the Climategate affair, the falsification of global temperature trends (Russia and Australia) and the Glaciergate affair.
Today, however, Eastern Christian communities need protection.
As one of the MEPs here who has been in Gaza through the blockade, a ceasefire and a withdrawal are not enough.
Obviously, additional work needs to be carried out to resume full trading, such as enhanced marketing campaigns and so on.
Let me focus my final comments on what is probably our biggest challenge today: child participation.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading by Mrs Stihler, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on the Council position at first reading with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council laying down harmonised conditions for the marketing of construction products and repealing Council Directive 89/106/EEC [10753/3/2010 - C7-0267/2010 -.
Nevertheless, we have now had another tragedy, far away in Japan.
Codecision as standard puts us on an equal footing with the Council of Ministers: agricultural policy, fisheries policy, research policy, structural regulations - much will now lie within the joint responsibility and codecision power of this House.
So there was a misunderstanding over the voting instructions.
Madam President, I have a confession to make.
The Question Hour with the President of the Commission is closed.
The debate is closed.
In point of fact, we have virtually abolished the registration fee: we have achieved a 90% reduction for REACH registration by micro-enterprises and a 60% reduction for small enterprises.
The Greek Communist Party is radically against the accession of Turkey to the EU, because it is fighting against this imperialistic organisation.
Because the majority of those who fought or those who are in exile have not yet returned, and are not recognised.
I voted in favour of this report relating to the Regulation, which establishes clear rules on the procedure for international couples (where the spouses are of different nationalities) seeking a divorce or a legal separation of people or property in their countries of origin or residence.
The safety of the seas and oceans is not up for negotiation: it is this, and not money, profit and unrestricted trade, that should be the primary reference value.
This is the directive on the free movement of citizens, and there have been 1500 complaints by citizens but only 19 infringement cases have been opened.
The Swedish Presidency was also asked by the finance ministers to continue the dialogue with the European Parliament.
This European Parliament resolution tackles the problem of animal resistance to antibiotics, which is a situation with disastrous consequences.
We have a letter from the Hungarian Presidency on some of the detailed issues which will be published with the Minutes.
They could help to further people-to-people contacts and lead to improved freedom of expression in the country.
Accession negotiations with Croatia have stepped up a gear and are now entering a crucial phase.
The ECB is and remains a bulwark in defence of the monetary union and the euro.
I am encouraged that Parliament, while endorsing the approach of the Commission, wants to reinforce it further and has made amendments to this end.
- Before the vote
Thus, do European policies go from being unthinkable to inevitable without any intervening stage?
I join those who call on the Italian authorities to fully implement EU law.
As I see it, the Single Market Act must comprise a coherent, balanced package of measures, in keeping with the Grech report and the Monti report, which will lay the foundations for a Europe of Added Value for both citizens and businesses.
Secondly, it brings organisational convergence between European political parties and European foundations, which is quite laudable, and thirdly it tightens and clarifies the funding of European political parties, which I think should be the goal for us all.
That is why this is an open issue that we must discuss but, as Chris Davies has already said, we are dependent on what other parties do.
Establishing rules to protect the consumer in the EU will have no effect if these are not properly implemented in national law and applied and also enforced at the Member State level.
Has the Commission any plans to make similar pledges to support other agricultural sectors and producers who have also been negatively affected by the current economic crisis?
Conclusions like this flow directly from the Albertini report, which notes a lack of will on the part of Member States to conduct a common policy and the statements of some representatives of those Member States which have created the impression of disunity.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, connected to the fault line through the Apennines, there is another fault line which crosses Slovenia.
At this point in the debate Mr Špidla will have to speak.
Written statements (Rule 149)
The WTO predicts a decrease in the value of global trade of as much as 9%.
This effort involves close cooperation between relevant Commission services and between the Commission and relevant regional and local authorities.
There is more than just one outermost region.
I should like to know the position of the Council and the Commission and whether they will support us on this point.
Although it is extremely important to involve stakeholders in decision-making processes, this must always be done with a view to the practical and sensible implementation of the decisions.
However, they are often confronted with national laws relating to services which they do not understand and which frequently lead to problems or misunderstandings.
While Parliament receives information from the Commission on exceptional assistance measures, the Commission's reporting on broader strategic and analytical terms is still falling short of Parliament's expectations.
This has been referred to earlier - the prime ministers of Britain, France and Germany issuing separate statements.
The will is there.
We can genuinely guarantee their involvement by introducing the tax.
It seems to me that we ought to check more often whether these institutions do in fact carry out what the European Parliament has requested.
We therefore voted against.
It is true that progress to date in political cohesion has helped to reduce the equality divide between the regions.
Moreover, it is true that these exceptional circumstances were not cited in the case in point.
In Poland alone, the number of people exposed to this chemical agent in the workplace is estimated to stand at several thousand.
The electric car project dates back to 2006: all the institutions agree that it is a valid project.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to make the following announcement.
We have said that, in this social Europe, men and women must enjoy equal opportunities on the labour market and must also be able to have children.
I would like to highlight here something that I see as a very positive element in the report, that when we turn to the market, there should be an obligation that the products be EU produced, locally sourced, and fresh.
The regrettable fact is that practically no progress has been made since the report drafted by Mrs Záborská on the same topic in 2007.
Many of the amendments from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs have been taken into account by the six-pack rapporteurs.
Mr President, EU citizens have a right to know the make-up of the clothes they wear and this regulation will allow them to avoid purchasing products containing non-textile parts of animal origin, whether for health, ethical or other considerations.
I therefore voted for those proposed amendments that seek to facilitate this sort of participation and catching up.
Finally, through these measures Parliament is sending the governments of the Member States a positive message in order that they will consent to the introduction of textile product traceability.
Take, for example, our diplomatic services, our embassies abroad.
This means that we do not intend to draw up any separate child protection measures; we simply intend to increase our product safety in general.
I think they should offer society an inclusive vision of the Republic of Moldova, whose objective is European Union Membership for the Republic of Moldova.
If we are going to debate and adopt new rules, they must apply to all countries - both old and new.
But what is happening at EU level?
The G4's way of tackling the banking and financial crisis in 2008 was the opposite of respect for the aforementioned method, which Mr Barroso called for yesterday afternoon.
The Balkans' natural vocation is to join the European Union.
That means equilibrium and the supply of oil, and, in addition, the fact that money has been made out of the arms trade.
It is not too late.
This is a period of many expectations and challenges and, of course, we must not fail to live up to those expectations.
The purpose of the regulation, which was to minimise the risk of illegally felled timber being placed on the EU market, started out as a good one.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) want an agreement.
(Applause)
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
We had been debating this topic but it was left in the air when the Swedish Presidency ended.
We want to fill the gap of democratic legitimacy after all the pain we witnessed when the referenda were held.
In addition, the provisions of the future multiannual financial framework should include specific provisions for macro-regional strategies.
The amendments on the EU strategy on Afghanistan also contributed to improving the structure of the report.
The Directive provides a framework to upgrade the energy performance of the EU's buildings.
In this regard, too, we have made appropriate preparations.
People have been to Sri Lanka.
The Commission has finally decided to draw up the European Roma framework strategy, but I consider it essential that this be accompanied by draft legislation aimed at integration and prohibiting discrimination.
I would just like to return to the subject of the package on climate change, which was adopted in December, and to stress that the European Union really does have a very well-balanced package, which poses no threat to the economy.
Some of the speeches made on behalf of the groups unfortunately demonstrate how unsuccessful the representatives of the groups have so far been within their own parties in their own home countries in achieving their objectives.
Unemployment rates among older people and disabled people are disgracefully high.
Moreover, a draft law is under debate in the parliament about net regulation, providing for prison sentences for 'publication of multimedia content without government permission'.
This, coming at this specific point in time, at the end of the parliamentary term, clearly proves and exemplifies the European Parliament's handling of this particular issue and its attempts to further develop company law in the interests of companies - which I very much welcome.
After all, we cannot just save our way out of the problem.
Above all, when we chose to open our doors to each other, we had to place our trust in each other on an issue as delicate as this one, that is, the protection of our external borders.
We owe it to Europe's citizens to make them feel that they are part of a single European Union whose voice is heard and has clout in global politics.
The old NATO base is being rebuilt to house more immigrants, but this is not an adequate solution.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first comes grief for so many innocent victims, then a commitment to rescue efforts, overcoming the emergency and reconstruction, in which Italy gives of its best.
I therefore hope that the lessons that inescapably emerge will, in fact, be learnt.
I support calls to set up a special Consumer Ombudsman for the extra-judicial settlement of disputes and believe that more effective cross-border cooperation mechanisms will help to improve protection for consumers across the EU.
They do need, however, freedom to do their work.
To achieve these objectives it would also be appropriate to take action against all forms of precarious employment, including unwritten work contracts, those of less than 10 working hours per week and short fixed-term contracts.
It is very important that an assessment of the social impact is a step in the direction of a social Europe.
It is about the market and the retail market, but there is something more, something in addition, which is the issue of rights, enforcement, consumer complaints, and how to devise a more relevant policy.
(RO) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, two really historic events have marked the end of 2009: the Treaty of Lisbon's entry into force and the Copenhagen Summit.
I will tell you what is going on: the involvement of the private sector is a good thing, and it is right for it to be involved.
There cannot be two evaluation systems; there must be one alone, whether for the new Schengen members or for the established ones.
We may welcome this or we may regret it.
It is therefore a topic that must be tackled on different fronts.
In my opinion, this is not a case of 'whether' but 'how', that is, how we can develop dialogue and cooperation.
President of the Commission. - I want to win this competitiveness battle globally.
It is unacceptable that, within the European Union itself, the reception conditions of migrants and asylum seekers are not exemplary.
Ladies and gentlemen, of what benefit will it be to us to vote on this resolution, which was to put the European Parliament's requests and proposals to the members of the G20 and, more specifically, to those of our Member States who sit on it, as well as to the European Commission, at the October plenary session, that is, after the Pittsburgh Summit?
When we speak about trafficking in human beings, we must think about not only sexual exploitation, forced labour and illegal adoptions, but also the problem of trafficking in organs, which is becoming an increasingly widespread crime.
The most important thing is what we can do together in the future.
What we need is authentic government, if we want to be true to the will of the founding fathers.
This is something that society must provide.
That is of course true, but it is also true that if we compare our current position to two ago - or to five or ten years ago - we can see that climate is very much up on the agenda today.
I am confident that the vote in an hour will support the compromise reached between the European institutions.
In my country, four people have drowned and I hear that in other countries, too, hundreds and thousands of people have suffered enormous financial and emotional losses to their businesses and homes.
Parliament immediately reacted with a counterproposal, but this was not reflected in the Council's position.
The Commission should, therefore, respond positively, with short- and long-term measures, to tackle the adverse conditions faced by the sector and the serious losses in income being experienced by our fishers.
At the core of the problem is simply the fact that the decision to close Guantánamo is, of course, the primary responsibility of the United States, the country which built the facility.
Debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (debate)
At this point, I would also like to draw attention to the other, cultural aspect of the issue.
We do not just need Structural Funds for our territories, but a European social policy that complements the policies of each of our States.
The Council refused, for a long while, to provide pertinent answers to Parliament's questions, citing the Gentlemen's Agreement - an agreement of an informal nature which is now, in any case, 40 years old.
In short, I am convinced that if we want to defend the person from the outset and in their entirety, we must also defend those aspects that characterise the person from a religious point of view.
1.
On 26 January 2011, David Kato, a defender of human rights and civil rights activist, was murdered in Uganda.
The consumer dimension is to be developed in all portfolios and benchmarks will be adopted across the Commission to measure progress or the lack of it.
It is quite a step forward, quite a step in the right direction to have this type of operation.
The unprecedented economic crisis and the growing immigration problem are combining to form a toxic cocktail which feeds extremes and excesses.
Transparency of political institutions' activities is a prerequisite for legitimacy.
in writing. - This is a great achievement for the Parliament and a positive framework for relations between Parliament and the Commission.
We must not forget that Europe's mining sector provides approximately 100 000 jobs, 42 000 in coal mining and 55 000 in related sectors, and that certain regions in Europe are totally dependent economically on this sector.
In addition, we really should have something like a European 'disaster service' that can be deployed if assistance is needed very quickly in order to avoid the severest of consequences.
Instead of exit strategies for the economic recovery programmes and mandatory budget consolidation, we need a change of policy.
The second point is streamlining the procedures for responding to prices in the dairy sector.
You mentioned the different rail systems, Commissioner, but that cannot be the only reason.
It is here in this directive that paternity leave and maternity leave must be brought together.
I am in favour of producing healthy food in sufficient quantities to contribute effectively to the global demand for food.
And what are we talking about and promising Egypt?
You said that Geithner's way is the wrong way and leads to hell.
- Report: Caspary
Roughly 40% of Romania's electricity production is based on coal, most of which is hard coal.
You have also shown your concern regarding people's rights to have access to, to be informed about and to correct their data.
I shall summarise by saying that, for the sake of stability and peace, liberty and democracy, we shall continue our work for a gradual, managed accession of the three candidate countries, despite the very challenging economic times.
It is impermissible to juxtapose the collective guilt of the Roma and the collective responsibility of the majority, the oppressors.
In this field, the rules on competition are stricter than those on State aid.
Based on the criteria of flexibility and pragmatism, the 2006 and 2007 reports give a favourable evaluation of the effectiveness and development of the ECN's work.
Moreover, the Free Trade Agreement stipulates an effective and clear safeguard mechanism in the interests of EU industries, contributing to the growth of European industry.
Hearing the debates today, all I can say is that actually, despite the huge economic, financial, social, and demographic impact of the crisis we are experiencing, neither the European institutions nor the Heads of State or Government have grasped the full extent of the tragedy, and of the consequences for us all.
This may lead to the establishment of another Union institution.
However, I would like to ask whether the Commission feels we should adopt a separate European Union youth entrepreneurship and innovation programme which would promote and support young people's creativity and enterprise?
We cannot remain silent in the face of such injustices, because by doing so, we would be conveying the message that law, diplomacy, and the much cherished principle of peaceful solution of conflicts are worthless.
First of all, Guantánamo was set up in order to protect all of our citizens.
The rapporteur has mentioned them and the Commissioner has made a commitment.
Again with the same aim, namely establishing a budget truly able to meet citizens' needs, we have formulated specific amendments regarding payments in order to free up the maximum amount of resources possible with immediate effect.
The reviews will of course be supplementary to the routine monitoring of the fulfilment of these agreements, as set out in Article 5.
These notes, therefore, strike a positive note, as I think it is a positive thing to focus on a sector of the population that is especially vulnerable in a Europe that is increasingly ageing and increasingly disadvantaged.
Written statements (Rule 142)
Parliament shall take a decision by means of a single vote, and no amendments to the agreement itself may be tabled.
This has been demonstrated by a large number of studies.
Things will perhaps be better in one Member State than in another.
I voted for this report as I consider that the cohesion policy has proved to be an effective instrument providing a flexible solution to the socio-economic challenges presented by the economic and financial crisis.
These are absolutely unspeakable practices that are bordering on daylight robbery, and these operators are responsible - they provide no transparency for consumers.
On the other hand, I regret that the amendment calling for the mandatory labelling of food products originating from animals fed with GMOs has been rejected.
The young generation wants hope to replace cynicism, opportunities to replace poverty, justice to replace impunity and internet freedom to replace repression and censorship.
However, this condemnation should not be limited just to words.
We call for the immediate release of political prisoners and for the direct return of political exiles.
Regarding the United States, I shall be leaving for there in two weeks' time, so it will be possible also to talk about your proposal.
The continued existence, since the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, of more than 1 200 investment-related international agreements concluded by Member States is not questioned under international law.
In my view, this outgoing Commission has made more positive progress than any preceding Commission in recent times and I thank him for his efforts.
While I welcome the Commission's decision to increase its humanitarian aid fivefold, thereby taking European aid up to EUR 30 million, it is essential for the European Union to do all it can to help the most vulnerable population groups and to monitor their changing needs.
Their aim is to clarify the terms for obtaining exemptions, readjusting restrictions and providing information about intellectual property rights.
Mr President, allow me to conclude - if I can, in a few words - on the matter of transparency.
This is a major test of EU foreign policy in the new world of the Lisbon Treaty.
Given that Prime Minister Raila Odinga and the ODM, his party, are vigorously opposed to this legislation, it is also vital for the stability of the Government that it does not become even more of an inflammatory and divisive political issue.
The European Commission is trying - at any price and in a way which is not justified by economic rationale - to reduce coal extraction.
I believe that President Obama's decision is a good one and that it will help to restore the credibility of the United States of America and of the Western world as a whole.
He should have stayed here, because he might have learned something.
This report is all the more relevant given the fact that its author is a German MEP who wanted to draw the attention of Europeans to the distorted effects, for the countries of the euro area, of the German strategy of reducing labour costs in the single currency system.
We need to stabilise prices.
However, I must point out that we have to be very careful here when using state financing and taxpayers' money.
I very much welcome improved rights for consumers purchasing online.
This applies to the information obtained by Europol, as well as SWIFT banking data and flight passenger data, which are exchanged with the US authorities.
I regret the considerable step backwards from the position initially adopted by this House, on three main points.
At the Bureau meeting, I am going to try to change this provision, because we cannot permit a situation where Members whose names are on the list of speakers are prevented from speaking because other Members interrupt with questions - at the moment, a legitimate practice.
As long as these people are not returned to their home country immediately, without repatriation aid, we will constantly be overwhelmed by waves of economic migrants.
Mr Bhatti was the only Christian in the government of Pakistan and a well-known advocate of respect for human rights and religious freedom.
Well, for one thing, because every language carries with it an enormous cultural heritage that enriches European diversity.
In particular, it has a role to play in encouraging the emergence of non-profit-making, solidarity-based mutual health structures, enabling the promotion of access to quality health care.
In addition, research and development policies need to be territorialised and the Union must adopt an ambitious European research plan for defence technology with a view to enhancing the sector's industrial and technological base, while also improving the efficiency of military public spending.
The fight against poverty must be carried out by employment policies and economic competitiveness.
Since you are now the leading political party at present in Europe and the Commission is inclined to the right, is it not now the job of the right also to show the way out of this crisis and not blame previous governments or the governments that came before them?
I am well aware that this is an interesting ideological debate, but I believe that we have the answer in Europe.
That is why the European Commission put forward its communication and a proposal for a Council Recommendation on patient safety, including the prevention and control of health-care-associated infections.
Indeed, we can only preserve and strengthen our model if we invest in growth sectors: green energy, nanotechnologies, biotechnologies, and so on.
The infighting between the imperialists cannot be overcome and will get progressively worse.
In response to our humorous question of whether he had slept through his own speech, Mr Martin adopted a particular stance here, clicked his heels and gave the Hitler salute.
In order to reduce the administrative work involved for the companies at which these subsidy programmes are aimed, the EU Commission should change the way in which the project applications are examined by their experts, so that at least during the initial stage, the project documentation can be submitted in one of the Commission's three working languages.
It is of concern that some of the donors - including some European donors - have been in the process of actually reducing their programmes.
(PL) Madam President, a debate on the energy package for the internal electricity and gas market is very much needed.
The measures proposed in the communication only concern the principle of making better use of existing resources and programmes: the 'Health' Programme, the Seventh Framework Programme, the EU Action Plan on disabilities, the open method of coordination and the Statistical Programme.
Mr Rübig, you mentioned Basel II.
If the efforts of Mr Schulz are aimed at increasing the number of supporters, then I have nothing against a postponement until the next plenary sitting in March.
As I have had the opportunity to say before, I believe that solidarity between Member States and, in particular, European support for countries that have been the victims of disasters, constitute a clear sign that the European Union is no longer just a free trade area.
The final agreement with Council now includes a provision on drawing up pilot studies that will enable Member States to show the effects of tourism on the economy and on employment, which I hope will contribute to a better understanding of the true size and value of our tourism industry.
Mr President, I just wish the House to know that I was the original rapporteur on the decision on FRONTEX and I recommended that we adopt this because of the exceptional measures that are necessary to deal with intervention and rescue at sea, especially in the Southern Mediterranean.
All these aspects are recognised in Mrs Krehl's report.
I was delighted to support the approved resolution, even though I have reservations over the solution to the question of world hunger.
I do not, therefore, intend to do this and will instead merely say that this is an example of how, once again, we are trying to make it easier for citizens to work and establish themselves across borders.
The report is a well-balanced text as it supports the existing dual system, based on coexistence between public service broadcasters and commercial broadcasters in Europe.
The report moves towards putting forward firm proposals, and calls for a strong commitment from the European Commission and Council, so that these proposals can be implemented.
During the vote on trade relations between the EU and Japan, I decided to vote for the resolution tabled by the political group which I belong to.
The real stumbling block is the relationship between Turkey and Cyprus and the unsolved problem of Cyprus.
With regard to the issue of foodstuffs modified by nanotechnologies (any ingredient in the form of nanomaterial or any food created using a production method that uses nanotechnologies), I am in favour of the precautionary principle and, hence, of a moratorium, since health risks have not been ruled out.
However, I am rather disappointed that negotiations on the free trade agreement have made only sluggish progress towards the conclusion of a negotiated agreement.
in writing. - The effects of the Abruzzo earthquake were devastating and tragic, and the funding which we approved today cannot, of course, compensate for the terrible loss of life or the physical destruction of communities caused by this natural disaster.
(Applause)
(EL) Mr President, Commissioner, the Commission set up the Reflex mechanism for vulnerable countries about a year ago, in August 2009, earmarking EUR 500 million for the purpose of combating the impact of the global economic crisis on the more fragile African countries over the period from 2009 to 2010.
This vote also provided an opportunity to revive the debate on where the seat of the European Parliament should be.
As the Commission does not yet have sufficient information about the extent of the damage, it is still too early to say whether these conditions will be met.
They must go only to sensible, sustainable business activities through the use of objectively measurable criteria and transparent procedures.
They want answers from us.
Of course, if we go with such a proposal, we must negotiate with our social partners, the trade unions.
Even though such a short time has passed since it came into force, we often forget what Europe was like when it had borders and the difficulties associated with moving from one Member State to another.
Let us stop pretending that everything stands still outside Europe, that the world has not changed since Kyoto, and that Europe is always far ahead of the international community.
For that reason, we, the present generation of political decision makers, are responsible for righting these wrongs of the past.
Thank you very much also for your ongoing support for European regional policy and for its development.
Over the last year, the external value of the euro has been highly stable.
I completely disagree: Albania has glaringly obvious problems today with regard to its internal political stability, and a very high level of corruption.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, thanks to the European Union's integrated approach to the pollution problem, we can be increasingly more involved and effective in the control of industrial emissions at an institutional level.
At the same time, special attention must be focused on the humanitarian situation of these immigrants.
What we need is cohesion, determination and unity, because what we are playing is a psychological war and what the market is testing is Europe's unity, not the Greek austerity plan.
This report sets out to open even wider the floodgates to legal and illegal immigration into the European Union, and fails to place the citizen's right to safety at the heart of its policy, but considers instead that it is the rights of criminals that should be recognised as so-called fundamental rights.
in writing. - (BG) I do not support the discharge in respect of the implementation of the Committee of the Regions' budget because this institution is only a consultative body.
(RO) I would first of all like to begin with a comment for my fellow Member from the left. I believe that the converse example is also valid: when an Englishman or Irishman commits a crime in my country, it should be possible to send him back.
Once again, under the terms of Rule 177(4), I request that the vote is postponed and that the legitimacy of the resolution and the vote is investigated in the meantime.
The first point I would like to raise concerns the climate.
We have put this legislation in place so that this will become easier and so that the process of recognising professional qualifications can genuinely be brought up to date.
In the western region of Darfur, the government seeks to prevent such a secession by all means.
All of this can be achieved with a deeper engagement of the countries in the region and with the participation of all Member States of the European Union and other organisations and networks present in the region, including networks of civil society organisations; it is precisely they that require our special attention and recognition.
The text you sent us does not make this clear.
European agricultural policy offered better value for money.
I object to hostile comments about Ireland emanating from London, New York and the German media.
Now we are talking about reproductive rights.
The objective is to get us out of the crisis and through recovery, achieving again the growth rates that create employment and make sure that our social market economy will be fit for the 21st century.
Next, will you condemn forthrightly and totally the passage of the Bahati bill in Uganda, which allows the execution of homosexuals?
I believe that we are all interested in having a clean and healthy environment, especially for our children.
We have a common commitment to creating strong links between regional policy and the Europe 2020 strategy and to establishing jointly the necessary conditionality, so that we can help to overcome any difficulties in implementing the policy.
It is, however, clear from the debate which has taken place here across the political spectrum that this document has not aroused any great enthusiasm in the European Parliament.
Mr President, own-initiative reports are usually just hot air, but if adopted they are an expression of the political will of the European Parliament.
A year ago, Parliament endorsed my proposal to start these negotiations as quickly as possible.
I have seen two landmark events in my political career, the first being German reunification and the second Europe's reunification following two bloody European civil wars in the last century.
Research into biomarkers, into early diagnosis methods based on a multidisciplinary approach, the compilation of vast databases, and the search for curative medicines and appropriate treatment and service models would appear crucial.
Conservatives support patient mobility within the EU and see it as a way of strengthening public healthcare provision.
It strengthens the democratic principle because it recognises Parliament's right to control, increases transparency through the annual report and incorporates a review clause in order to perfect it based on experience.
The report maintains that the incorporation of the EDF into the Union budget will strengthen democratic control, accountability and transparency of financing.
I am today, as always, opposed to using public funds to deal with the results of private risk-taking.
I am convinced that we are heading in the right direction.
We find it regrettable that the alternative motion for a resolution that we tabled has not been adopted.
A new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe (
After these events, the credibility and transparency of the actions not only of the Hungarian Government, but also of the European Commission, are at stake.
Strictly speaking, this should not affect the UK, which is not a member of the Schengen group, but in reality it will.
A majority of them have been repatriated to their countries but a few thousand are still there and I will come back to them in a little while.
The reports we have adopted raise important issues regarding how to improve consumer protection and the functioning of the internal market, which I supported during the Committee's deliberations and in today's vote.
Firstly, the amendments that best protect citizens' rights and freedoms have not been adopted by this House in the Harbour report, which complements this report.
I am convinced that we will make it in the end.
Regardless of the cover offered by France for many years, we are talking about a mass-murderer, who carried out or ordered four murders, and who hid behind the pretext of political struggle to evade a life sentence.
The population of the region clearly rejects violence and terrorism, as they are the first to suffer as a result, but they ask the European Union to do everything it can to help them to eradicate terrorist violence and, among other things, to provide weapons and training for their armed forces so that they can respond adequately to these terrorist incursions.
Neighbouring countries which are interested in the construction of the pipeline are also saying so.
One hundred and fifty years ago, Bulgarian farmers were able to feed the most densely populated regions of the Ottoman Empire in Asia Minor using 19th century technology.
in writing. - I strongly support the findings of the Goldstone report, and am pleased that the Parliament has endorsed its recommendations.
Financial globalisation is now obliging us to do so in the financial sphere of the economy, and it is entirely possible from a technical point of view.
The citizens are unsettled.
I believe that this will be achieved and I believe that, if this is achieved, it will be good for the viability of the architecture and the effectiveness of the institution, but also for the credibility of the Union in the eyes of all our citizens.
We shall shortly be starting negotiations on the second reading of the energy liberalisation package.
I turn now to the second statement.
Their goal is to secure cooperation between the Member States, their regional and local self-government authorities and other relevant bodies, based on the principle of partnership, and make it possible for them to solve their problems.
We must accelerate our industrial switchover to a green economy based on energy efficiency, clean and efficient processes, renewable energies, and new syntheses between information and environmental technologies, because the battle that started in Copenhagen is also that of industry and the industrial leaders of the 21st century.
For me, personally, that is not consistent.
To conclude, it is our duty for future generations to continue to lead by example and reach a legally binding agreement by the end of this year, ensuring a better and sustainable future for all.
That is why this mixed review received a mixed response from the European Union, with the balanced decision taken during the last GAERC.
The report contains many sound proposals and guidelines for the European Commission and provides a fine summary of the various points of view.
So it is a crucial strategy for the future situation in the European Union, and also for outside the Union, because we can only be strong if we are strong internally.
Mr President, these assassinations are, of course, intolerable, but what is more intolerable is the climate of impunity that exists, despite the increase in attacks.
Yet even within the tight restrictions in place in Iran, large swathes of the population refused to accept the official results and took to the streets in protest.
Mr President, I want to thank the Commissioner very much, both on behalf of our group, but also as the chairman of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, for making a very timely appearance before us this evening, and also for having responded so quickly to the oral question from my committee on 3 December which set out a number of areas which he has answered very comprehensively.
If we are to make the most of this new resource, then we must not be afraid to put a stop to the open debate and actually put it into practice.
Ten per cent of greenhouse gases still originate from agriculture.
Ladies and gentlemen, concessions play an increasingly important part in the creation of public service provision infrastructure.
More importantly, their work has also meant that the role of the Member States of origin that have to pay and of those in which treatment is received can be clearly regulated.
I voted in favour.
in writing. - (HU) Next year will be the first year in the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy, which can represent a new phase in the development of the European Union.
Today's motion for a resolution on FYROM tries to mirror this delicate balance.
This resulted in the vote being postponed until September and other things would perhaps also have been possible.
The main priority is indeed to increase the number of organ donations in Europe and, therefore, of course, at the same time, to make European men and women more aware of donation, as the disparities speak for themselves, they are quite blatant: there are 34 deceased donors per million inhabitants in Spain, 27 in my country, Belgium, and just one single donor in Romania.
It is certainly not about calling into question the freedom of religion.
My question is: how expensive is this delay, especially as it is clearly costing a lot of money?
Russia, a State that is not a State with a rule of law and where human rights are flouted on a daily basis, does not deserve the attention that France pays to it.
I hope the Tibetans' struggle will end with the same success as the Poles achieved, and that truth will be victorious this time, too.
If we now look at this heartening agreement from a global perspective then I have one eye on the Doha negotiations. The World Economic Forum in Davos seems to have provided some impetus.
It will thus be an obligation instead of a right of the patient.
I wanted to focus on one detail in my speech.
The EU must stress at the G20 meeting in November the importance of having a supervisory and regulatory system whose actions will include making it compulsory to register financial transactions and instruments.
(PT) As stated in the conclusion to the NATO Summit that took place in Lisbon, NATO is proving itself to be a military alliance, a nuclear military alliance determined to intervene rapidly and in large numbers in any part of the world, at any time and under any pretext, asserting that it has a single and robust set of political and military capabilities, capable of dealing with any type of crisis: before, during and after conflicts.
I would love to think that youth mobility within Europe is the answer, but most of the countries in Europe, barring the three you mentioned, have unemployment problems.
This is just one example.
The reform is the fruit of negotiations with the Council, represented by the Czech presidency which, by the way, deserves my full praise, since it has had no shortage of political difficulties to face throughout its term of office; it is a combination of a structural reform of the directive, which does not affect the foundations of Parliament's mandate and which fully respects the principle of subsidiarity, since the directive establishes the principle of sanctioning actions in the terms defined by the Court of Justice ruling, while leaving Member States to define the types of penalties.
This prompts the question as to who is in a position to provide this reasonable assurance.
The implementation of this project is important for Romania's energy security as it will help cut energy resource imports.
The Commission, of course, wants to ensure that the final regulation adopted by the Council achieves a fair balance between, on the one hand, obtaining accurate information on the impact of recreational fisheries on recovery stocks - following a case by case analysis - and, on the other, ensuring that recreational fishers, whose catches clearly have a negligible biological impact, are not burdened with disproportionate requirements.
I think that we have to launch a discussion on how to improve the discharge procedure in order to ensure that most of the discharge results are implemented as fast as possible.
I agree with the rapporteur's proposal for a long-term review of the European Parliament's budget in order to reduce costs.
I consider the package discussed today to be of particular importance to Romania as well.
Such disparities, nonetheless, are an impediment to the mainstreaming of this kind of invoicing, despite it being a source of simplification.
We must recognise quite clearly that shortcomings in the implementation of Community law in this field are indeed contrary to the fundamental principles constituting the foundation of Europe.
I voted for the report on key competences for a changing world: implementation of the Education and Training 2010 work programme.
We trust that they will be implemented.
Furthermore, a common question in job interviews is whether applicants intend to marry or have children.
Yet the UK pays GBP 45 million a day into this corrupt institution.
I fully support the Commission's proposal for national parliaments to work far more upstream with the EU.
Compensation for Icesave account holders and the repayment of debts to some EU Member States are a good start.
Firstly I would like to know whether, in their opinion, the eight-month moratorium and the settlements decided upon by the Israeli Government are linked to the new United States Government.
Both countries were run by fundamentalist Islamic groups, something which external forces wanted to put an end to in both cases.
Finally, I suggest that we consider the possibility of creating a European public rating agency to address the major problems we are having with private agencies, because rating a country is very different from rating a private company.
(PL) Madam President, I would like to say one more thing on the subject of Serbia.
Mr President, I must say that it is very encouraging to hear so many Members from all sides of the House praising the Belgian Presidency, and rightly so.
We need to promote technology and not continue to put obstacles in its way.
Our citizens demand and deserve better protection against terrorism and against organised or trans-border crime.
This report, which brings together the conservative right and the social democrats, is a dangerous symptom of what we have denounced many times regarding the Treaty of Lisbon: its contribution to the deepening of neoliberalism, based on the federalism and militarisation of the European Union as the European pillar of NATO.
by Mr van Nistelrooij, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, on the Green Paper on territorial cohesion and debate on the future reform of the cohesion policy;
This was a proper suggestion, which had come from this House, and which was acted upon.
The reimposition of the most-favoured-nation rate can be requested by the Member States, the European Parliament or European associations representing the industry concerned, thus ensuring that companies have a real opportunity to react.
Mr President, Commissioner, for a year we have been celebrating the development of this new process, this new agreement between the European Union and Africa.
We have Mr Monti's report coming, and there will be a report from my committee.
In Portugal, too, maternity leave is already paid at 100% of earnings for 120 days.
Madam President, Mr Karas, ladies and gentlemen, just a few days after the agreement reached in the Basel Committee, I think that it is very important that Parliament is demonstrating its commitment to banking reform and clearly showing that Europe behaves and must behave in a way appropriate to its global standing.
I know that some of you in this House would have wished for stronger provisions in these proposals, whereas others were vehemently opposed.
The institutions shall maintain an open, transparent and regular dialogue with representative associations and civil society.
When we speak of flooding, as has been seen clearly in France and as can be seen in your own country, the consequences for land management of a failure to take precautions and of construction in flood zones are obvious.
Perhaps in the longer term - although I am never a fan of leaking anything, because it prevents people from developing good policy - this might not have the effect that originally we might have seen.
Thirdly, where are the opportunities for businesses and entrepreneurs from a job creation and economic point of view?
My Eastern European colleagues and I on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development warned on several occasions that we needed a much greater increase in quotas, or their total removal, because our countries, being new to the European Union's systems, were the first to feel the impact of the crisis.
It is both ambitious and realistic at the same time, and we hope that the Council and the Commission will join forces with us to form a single lobbying body at the conference in order to get other partners on board.
Anyone listening to this debate would get the impression that I had not spent several months making my contribution to the social dimension of this dossier that we are now dealing with.
The investigation proposed in the report on the distribution of profit margins will allow us to draw a series of conclusions about the right measures for ensuring price transparency in the producer-processor-retailer chain and penalising abusive practices.
Europeans are going to end up thinking that Parliament is not performing its monitoring role correctly.
These considerations must be integrated into all of the EU's policies: the way we see the agriculture of tomorrow is decisive.
We move to Phase 3; we will see investors able to set up new airlines in each other's countries and, in Phase 4, full cabotage rights and the potential for 100% ownership of carriers.
Indeed, we had a very lively debate which has thrown up fresh ideas to encourage us to aim even higher in terms of the maritime policies that we pursue.
Frankly, it is becoming counterproductive.
As far as the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is concerned, the report by Mr Zoran Thaler sends the country a positive message.
I am very satisfied that the European Parliament has adopted our proposal that Iceland's membership of the EU should involve the ending of whaling.
Of course the Commission should also issue recommendations, for example in relation to reducing debt.
The illegal immigrants who have arrived in recent months must be sent home; there is no alternative.
I should like to offer my congratulations on the excellent work carried out by Mr Klinz.
We can see, particularly for public services, that rules on State aid are inadequate to the tasks performed by a public service and should therefore be rewritten, considering citizens' needs and social cohesion above all else.
However, we also want the change in priority of financing to be gradual, not sudden, because that would mean leaving the weakest regions to look after themselves.
The task of regulators and policy makers is to undertake actions that make it possible both to restore the equilibrium shattered by market failure and to correct failed government policies.
We must succeed in breaking through the equation 'more economic growth equals more energy consumption at the same time'.
These are good enough reasons alone for the Social Democrats to accept the result.
Comprehensive agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can provide substantial benefits by offering European passengers and freight operators improved services - in terms of both variety and cost - while giving airlines new profit-making opportunities.
They are among the highest standards in the world, and so it is an abuse of history to exploit Chernobyl today for the purposes of anti-nuclear propaganda based on sheer prejudice.
On the other hand, there are several countries which use tax policy as well as their wage-setting arrangements to ensure they fall below this threshold.
Both symbolise the struggle for freedom and for democracy and both showed the frustration, the pain and the sacrifice that can sometimes come in that struggle.
I was wondering whether it would be possible to target this vulnerable group under that Fund
Let me therefore take this opportunity to lay out how I see my role and function.
I voted for this resolution because I believe that any agreement between the EU and the United States in this area must also include strict safeguards on implementation and supervision, to be monitored by an appropriate EU-appointed authority.
Today's vote has brought us one step closer to codifying patients' rights into European law.
Some may say that the scope of the regulation on bus and coach services of 250 km and more is too limited and they would have wished to see passengers in local transport protected too.
In addition, the data should be aggregated at European level in such a way that no inferences can be made about individual companies and their business policies.
I voted in favour of this report also because it calls for a more transparent, simpler and fairer financing system for the European Union.
The two are not the same.
I said this before and I want to hear it again clearly.
When you talk about partnership, Mr Barroso, I would ask you to remember that we need this partnership, particularly with regard to the budget issue and future budget planning, because it is clear that the Council is already intending to make cuts in smaller items at a European level.
Thank you.
This report contains many contradictions.
This would create an opportunity to start coordinating national positions on Tibet and to define a unified and clear EU position and policy on this issue.
2.
In this area, there are thus key objectives and priorities that are to be applied in the course of a tailored adaptation in the regions.
The fact that neither Bosnia, Kosovo nor any of the other countries in the Western Balkans has relapsed into war since then is entirely down to the EU and NATO.
They have the greater confidence of the people.
I also notice that the report welcomes this proposal for a new directive for administrative cooperation as it also extends its scope to cover taxes of any kind and it abolishes bank secrecy.
We believe that the report and the extension of the scope of housing interventions to the entire European Union strengthens cohesion between all the regions, with no discrimination between old and new Member States.
(HU) Madam President, as a representative of the Jobbik Movement for a Better Hungary, I welcome and support the European Parliament's motion for a resolution against the plans by the People's Republic of China to make Chinese the official language in Tibetan schools.
We are discussing labelling today.
The Commission will adopt its final position based on its analysis of the respective positions of the Council, according to its prerogatives established in the treaty, and also of Parliament, and based on the debate on the Rapkay report.
Action taken by the EU and Member States can only support action taken by the producers themselves.
It should be remembered that it was on mutual trust that the European Union was built, and that Poland has greatly benefited from this.
Other important Verts/ALE amendments were also rejected: EU definition of terrorism instead of the US one, ban on further transfer to third countries or bodies and limits to data retention period.
Allow me to express a few thoughts I have on this subject.
Such networks, which facilitate the flow of information and can provide support, if needed, are a feature of businesses run by men, whereas women are more vulnerable from this point of view. For this reason, links must be encouraged between businesses run by women and those run by men.
(HU) The European Union's credibility is completely undermined if it only speaks out in the case of human rights violations happening outside the EU, but makes no protest in the case of a serious human rights violation like the one which has just taken place in Slovakia as a consequence of the national language law and has also triggered unparalleled tension in relations between the majority and minority communities.
There are more than 1 000 agreements in existence and negotiations led by Member States are currently under way for around 200 more.
How is it that, once again, international conferences seem to have resulted only in unkept promises?
I am also hesitant to antagonise Canada, which is a great ally of the EU and shares our common values.
The victims of all types of terrorism needed it, and what is more, they are asking us for it.
My report on the agency and on the changes that need to be made to its remit was actually presented last month and the deadline by which the amendments need to be made expires this very week.
Can the Commission assure us that import prices will be maintained in the fruit and vegetable sector?
UKIP people do not write that kind of stuff, and they do not waste their pens on the kind of person that says that kind of thing.
Mutual acceptance in the areas of airworthiness, maintenance and maintenance licensing proves the confidence both parties have in each other's systems.
The report recommends that Member States and the European Commission pay greater attention to supporting major projects covering two or more operational programmes with a considerable impact at European level, which will generate added value, create high quality jobs and safeguard the regions' sustainable development.
This is an opportunity to democratise access to culture.
Now we could continue to point to other countries or individual sectors; these one-liners have occasionally cropped up in the present debate, too.
I shall therefore conclude by saying that it would be a shame not to fully exploit that potential, through cooperation with the European Parliament that is perhaps more systematic and more structured.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, may I remind the honourable Members that what I said was not that we cannot impose rules on third countries.
The temporary short-term working arrangements can be beneficial, but their financial sustainability needs to be ensured.
That is the real cause of the deaths off the coast of Libya a few days ago.
That is why I call on Turkey to continue its process of democratic reforms.
The phenomenon of drug addiction, particularly of the drug market, is a global threat and a terrible obstacle which is difficult to fight due to its constant relocations and changes.
There will also be reform aimed at strengthening the role of the IMF in global economic decision-making.
Indeed, the reports use precise and standardised criteria to establish the types of information to be provided, which data are optional or not, as well as the channels through which they may be made available, thereby setting out the obligations of pharmaceutical companies and Member States.
The Council wants to fully respect the Community method.
In order to achieve territorial cohesion, this is a prerequisite.
There is the approach taken by those who are trying to conceal the actual situation from the citizens of a country.
I live just on the other side, downstream on the Rhine and Meuse rivers, and my brother has a dairy farm in an area designated a flood retention basin when there is too much water.
The vote will take place during the second part-session in February.
Following the vote on the joint resolution on freedom of information in Italy and in the European Union as a whole, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) is very satisfied.
The committee's findings are being passed on to the Council.
There are many of us who are not fooled by the impact of this 'patient information' directive and know that it will have no benefit in actually improving the health of Europeans.
We need a stronger Europe, so that we can have a stronger Atlantic alliance.
This is why it is increasingly important that Europe finally equips itself with an efficient instrument.
There has been talk for a long time about improving working conditions for women but, unfortunately, nothing is changing.
That is why anything that can help to protect jobs and know-how in the European textile sector is positive.
It could become a European resource.
The destruction of coral reefs in the tropics, the growing desertification in Africa and deforestation threaten biodiversity and are having negative impacts on many sectors of the economy, such as food production, tourism, the pharmaceutical industry and energy production.
Prime Minister, I warmly congratulate you on your ambitious programme of action against gender violence, which is a social scourge.
Open trade policy will be an important element, both as a contribution to European economic recovery and as a vector for the external projection of our principles: openness, social and environmental protection and sustainability, and constructive engagement on the world scene.
Since I endorse the need to make the whole procedure less tardy, I am voting for the fund to be mobilised for the affected regions and appeal for it to be done as quickly as possible.
It is evil.
13.
Its roots lie primarily in the fact that policy all too often bypasses the day-to-day interests of the citizens.
It is even more important to develop the southern part of the corridor via the Austrian Southern Railway to Italy.
FGM has become more common in Europe over the past 30 years through migration.
We are talking, today, about enlargement, and it is good that we are talking about it, because, and let us not hide this, the European Union is going through a certain institutional crisis, and so one way of moving out of it is to enlarge the European Union.
When we talk about European energy solidarity, we mean joint energy projects in the European Union and avoiding the current practice of bilateral agreements.
I think this is an investment opportunity for businesses to develop new services that can rekindle demand and also help to improve our citizens' public services.
We must lead the way in these areas: this is the underlying theme of today and hence, the change of pace.
(ES) Madam President, I think that we are all aware of the responsibility that Parliament has to exercise today in revising the directive on working conditions for women; a directive that we have been discussing since the previous legislature and on which, due to various points of view and difficulties, we have not been able to progress.
We have to do everything we can to ensure that our European media model remains intact in these turbulent times and that we give it a firm foundation for the future, too.
No, but stop, stop, Mr Barroso!
Mr Iacolino
In other words, the way also lies open for the action of various forces which could undermine peace and security there.
I think this is a breakthrough, but obviously there are those of us who would want more liberalisation and a move away from the protectionism which still hinders this industry in many ways.
Mrs Doyle, we will actually finish at 8 p.m. as intended.
Indeed, we know that we cannot achieve these objectives without parliamentary support, both from the European Parliament and the Euromed Parliamentary Assembly.
On 18 May, the journalist, Fahem Boukadous, will no doubt be sentenced to four years' imprisonment.
The earthquake in Haiti demonstrated the almost total incompetence of the local authorities.
I voted in favour of this resolution because cooperation at European Union level in the field of vocational training is a very important factor for achieving the Europe 2020 goals and reducing the level of youth unemployment.
In addition to its core mission of financing investment in the European Union, the European Investment Bank (EIB) has, since 1963, undertaken financing operations outside the EU in support of the EU's external policies, particularly in the field of development cooperation.
Various amendments have been put forward during the Council of Ministers stage and with the European Parliament about different 'outs' on one thing and another, which my officials, at my request, are very, very strongly against, because I strongly believe in the very simple proposition that 5% of something is better than 55% of zero.
Our aim is to place the real economy, namely the large Single Market, back at the service of growth and at the service of human progress.
The EU itself has adopted directives that are contrary to human rights, such as, for example, the Returns Directive, and it has initiated or developed special trade or political relationships with governments of countries such as Morocco, Colombia or Israel which systematically violate human rights.
The signal would be why should we do our utmost to repay private debt with a high exchange rate for our national currency, when this debt has been issued as euro loans by EU banks against, for example, immovable property?
There is also the other side of the coin, however, which you have not considered here, Commissioner.
As an elected representative from a port town, I strongly support my fellow Members in demanding that the Commission authorise an increase in the de minimis aid ceilings.
As is the case with the financial crisis, only integrated action can be effective in combating the effects of globalisation.
The relationship between small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the economy can be defined in many ways, but in a sense, they are the axis around which any economic system revolves, in this case, the European economies.
Under the current regulatory framework, European Regional Development Fund supported interventions in the housing sector, including energy efficiency, but it was reserved only for Member States acceded to the European Union on or after 1 May 2004.
The Spanish Presidency is to be congratulated on the work it has done in this regard.
Yet the problem is the consequences when there is an accident are potentially so extreme.
All the safeguards which we asked of the Commission have been dismissed out of hand by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
In a democratic society, it therefore goes without saying that patients must be provided with comprehensive information about matters which affect their health.
The Council recently condemned these acts in its conclusions and emphasised that the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo must ensure that all those responsible are brought to justice.
What is especially worrying about the Council's cuts has been the fact that they are targeted, among other things, at research and development, as mentioned previously.
Today, a year on from the second most devastating tremor in the history of humankind, the signs of the disaster are still painfully evident.
Thank you once again for your broad support.
Political pluralism is an integral part of any democracy.
In autumn 2007, I addressed a question to the Commission.
I would again like to thank the European Parliament for its support in the struggle to protect children.
I believe this is an important issue and that Members of the House present today need to be informed appropriately as a matter of urgency.
Other disasters did not result in requests to deploy the fund, although they had a considerable and, in many cases, long-lasting impact on the people affected, the environment and the economy.
It is actually because the proposal that the Commission still has to bring forward can still take so many directions.
If we applied that equally to all authoritarian leaders across the world, we would start moving towards what one could call an ethical foreign policy.
However, the main goal is to secure a convincing victory for democratisation and the establishment of the rule of law in these countries.
Dwindling cohesion policy funds will continue to crush our economy.
All of a sudden, at the last minute, you are going to propose someone and, within a week, the decision will have been taken.
Thousands of Polish shipyard workers are still suffering the painful consequences of the Commission's antisocial policy for their communities.
However, the necessary reforms need to be pursued with determination.
We have worked hard to ensure that the UN Human Rights Council gains greater credibility.
What changed the north-eastern part of our island was that people invested in universally small pieces of land.
Discharge 2010: European Food Safety Authority (
In this situation, spending on support for non-agricultural activities and the development of SMEs in rural areas would be at the interface between the two funds and not be covered by either of them.
These are dangerous times.
We now have the tools, for example the SWIFT clearing system in Europe, which would enable us to apply a tax.
If an issue has an impact that goes beyond national borders, then this involves a European dimension, which also requires a European competence.
Croatia, as a candidate country since 2003, when it submitted its application, has completed the demanding preparation for EU membership.
They help organise work efficiently and flexibly.
The debate is closed.
The preferential commercial terms granted by the European Union in early 2006 and Moldova's participation in CEFTA in 2007, along with all the Western Balkan states, some of which are EU candidate states, link the economy of this country to the European single market. This is the point where it can await the prospect of its integration into the EU.
What we are asking is for the judicial authorities to collaborate, but we are talking about 27 countries, judicial authorities that use 22 different languages, with legal systems that have significant differences between them, and we are trying to achieve results.
Regulation (EC) No 31 could also be amended, specifically Article 64.
I am convinced that the text adopted will create an appropriate balance between patients' rights related to cross-border healthcare and the Member States' obligation to organise and provide healthcare services and medical care.
With the Obama presidency, we have the opportunity to stop exchanging words and start exchanging ideas.
This is welcome news not only because I breed horses, but also because standards are definitely not being upheld in this area.
I call on the Commission to focus much more closely on small and medium-sized enterprises and to involve the local authority areas, the towns and the municipalities much more in the future cohesion policy.
I voted in favour of this decision, under which Parliament gives its assent to the Council's recommendation to appoint Mr Praet to the post of Executive Board Member of the European Central Bank.
In truth, it is nothing but an illusion of democracy where none exists.
Oral explanations of vote
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, I am not an agricultural romantic; in other words; I do not believe the advertising slogans about the happy hens and the happy pigs, because my daily experience is rather different.
I would also like to come back to one of the comments made by the commissioner, when he said to us just now that fund shopping had to be prevented.
That is why, in the final sprint, we are pressing for other parties to raise their offers, while also saying 'look at us, we have shown a practical way to actually reduce emissions'.
This is the reason for the amendments and this is why Parliament, in its amendments to the report which I have tabled, has included timescales within which the legislation of Member States should be adapted to the requirements of the directive, so that the vaccinations can be carried out this year and we will not have to wait until the next season.
This political will also relates to the resolution of difficult relations with its neighbours.
It is part of the dossier that the Colombian security services are preparing in her case.
The report therefore calls for a rejection of the initiative of the Kingdom of Sweden and the Kingdom of Spain.
This is the second application to be examined under the 2011 budget, and it relates to the mobilisation of the total sum of EUR 323 820.
We are analysing material, today, which is clearly composed of two parts or two areas.
We also need to be concerned that we do not score an own goal with aquaculture by adding extra burdens to the ecosystems or making domestic fishermen unemployed instead of providing more environmental protection.
Madam President, the issue of food security needs to be mentioned in this debate on climate change, for the developing world in particular.
However, this also requires the necessary funding to be made available for developing and extending the technological infrastructure in the form of broadband Internet in rural areas in particular.
It is important for us to see what lessons we need to learn from the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico and what the current situation is in waters where similar production activities are being carried out in EU Member States. If necessary, we must also take additional measures to improve the safety of workers on these platforms, as well as further measures to prevent accidents with disastrous consequences for Europe's vulnerable regions.
It was the desire of managers to take risks that significantly contributed to the current economic and financial crisis.
The cooperation and effectiveness of these reforms will, hopefully, serve as an example for further reforms needed for EU integration, but it is also of huge importance for people who will finally be able to visit their families, especially with regard to the wide diaspora that Bosnia and Herzegovina has in Europe.
I see two immediate priorities: first of all, to address the humanitarian crisis and assist with the evacuation, and second to make sure the violence stops and that those who perpetrate that violence are held to account.
So far, we haven't had any coherent strategy.
I would therefore urge Parliament's leaders to engage in talks with the airlines.
We can see that with regard to the new point that we developed together, in other words the issue of transparency, progress has been rather slow and in fact, with the new regulations on access to documents, the opportunity for those who carry out infringement proceedings, or who request that infringement proceedings be opened, to find out why they have been closed or why they have been opened, is decreasing by any standards.
I share the opinion that the Human Rights Council could be extremely valuable as a kind of 'early warning system' and preventive mechanism, and I expect the External Action Service to involve itself accordingly in this body.
(SV) Madam President, I come from the same Member State as the previous speaker, but I stand on the political left.
By means of this action plan, we are now creating a space within which European citizenship can be exercised.
Since the law has not yet entered into force, no such proposal has been tabled.
The EU has always stood in defence of democracy, freedom of speech and freedom of conscience, and those values were, for decades, violated by the socialist regime, not only in Hungary, but also in the many other countries of what was known as the Eastern bloc.
In order to correctly implement this and carry it out, clear quantifiable objectives must be set out for employment, education and poverty reduction.
The forthcoming gas negotiations with Russia could well give such simulation an extra boost.
I cannot therefore but disagree with the two core ideas in the Lunacek report: Firstly, that the Member States which do not recognise the unilateral independence of Kosovo should accept what the majority considers to be a fait accompli and, secondly, that only Serbia should make concessions.
I invite the House to do the same, so that we can conclude the negotiations with the Council and the Commission by the deadline set.
I am asking mainly because there has been a drastic reduction in financial aid from many countries, including European ones.
These units have to provide a financial guarantee to cover the cost of rehabilitation of the land.
Now that the Bulgarian people have voted them out of office, there is nobody to step forward and take their place to help Bulgaria absorb European funds effectively.
However, current concerns from Member States are not reactionary, but instead the inevitable consequence of over 20 years of ever-changing circumstances in Europe and around the world.
I believe that there is a need for us to continuously keep all those concerns and questions you have voiced here in relation to solidarity - concerns which pertain exactly to the poorest countries - on the agenda, and to look for joint solutions, but to give a green light to this banana trade agreement and the law repealing the previous agreement.
Is it really meant to stand by while factories collapse and people freeze during the 20 days of reserves that remain to Slovakia?
It must remain high on the EU health policy agenda, as one in four people will experience a depressive illness at least once in their lives, and by 2020 it will be the most common illness in the developing world.
In this spirit, we should also look at ways to make our institutions and the way they operate more understandable to citizens.
I agree that this process must include measures to improve the sustainable exploitation of fishery resources and the effective management of marine resources.
The safety of travellers is, of course, paramount, but we should not forget the need for a sense of proportion in the protective methods used.
it is not appropriate to coordinate pension systems and their reform at EU level;
I believe that we have launched an ambitious project which is achievable for industry and which will, in particular, give users the opportunity to buy affordable, modern vehicles with lower CO2 emissions.
Of course, that is a small price to pay; we have to ensure that safety is paramount.
In fact, the future CAP absolutely must do more for young farmers.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The fact that the summit in Copenhagen is generally described as a 'deplorable failure' of an attempt to reach a global agreement on limiting the greenhouse emissions which are heating up the Earth's climate only serves to highlight the total lack of coordination among EU Member States with regard to the US and the emerging countries.
The guarantee of minimum incomes is an important and effective means of overcoming poverty, which supports social integration and access to the labour market and gives people the opportunity to live in decent conditions.
So what are we going to do here?
Although I voted in favour of this proposal to provide assistance to the workers of Unilever in the Czech Republic, I believe that this is an analgesic and palliative measure for the consequences of the capitalist model, and that it does not represent any real progress in the fight against the root causes of the crisis.
That alone, however, is not enough; what we want is real transparency.
This work clearly comprises many aspects.
The European Union is, without doubt, the only political power capable of convincing the Cubans that the isolation in which they are confining themselves is suicidal and can only lead them, sooner or later, to a tragic fate.
Therefore we should exploit this potential of the European budget to its limits.
To me, the most striking features of today's world are twofold.
We are also currently completing a study on the problems associated with licensing and official authorisation, company transfer and bankruptcy procedures in the Member States.
Madam President, we cannot keep silent regarding the situation in Madagascar and we shall not be the only ones to condemn it.
Young women must be able to make decisions freely and autonomously.
Thank you very much.
The European Parliament supports strongly all the initiatives which increase the EU presence in the region and, in particular, the most recent one, the Eastern Partnership.
This was the last and so far the only time that a US President has spoken to the democratically elected representatives of the people of Europe.
- Freitas report
For this reason, there is a sense of the need to protect these products and prevent their confusion with others that are of inferior quality, are less safe and are sometimes counterfeit.
We would like to contribute to the strengthening of the realisation that the Roma, like all peoples and ethnic groups of Europe and the entire world, are not a problem, but an economic, cultural and human resource.
It appears, however, that many of the aspects that needed to be remedied at the time still persist, even though, in some respects, they have been resolved by remarkable advances.
I send Mr Pöttering my best wishes now that he is leaving office; he has carried out his role with extraordinary dignity and with an unwavering belief in Europe.
University courses must reflect, to a greater extent, the requirements of the labour market and they must be set up with that in mind, for example, in the form of more business-relevant curricula, which, in turn, the business community should actively help to keep up-to-date.
(The sitting was opened at 9.00 a.m.)
All the best for the Belgian Presidency.
(Applause)
Better regional integration would also facilitate a more open dialogue between the countries in the Horn of Africa on subjects of common interest, such as migration, arms trafficking, energy or natural resources, and would provide a basis for dialogues on controversial topics.
Thank you for your attention.
Request for defence of Mr Luigi de Magistris's parliamentary immunity (
Creating new and separate thematic funds to respond to new challenges would be a waste of time and money, and would also delay realisation of the 2020 strategy and condemn it to the fate of the Treaty of Lisbon.
At that time, everything seemed to have reverted back to how it used to be.
Instrument for pre-accession assistance (
The combination of these steps and - what is worse - the initiative to make them permanent measures, amount to a road to hell.
Although it comes with a number of recommendations, it constantly refers back to the initiatives adopted by international bodies such as the G20 and the International Monetary Fund.
As for those who are today risking their lives for freedom and democracy, what they want is to live and work in a free country of which they can be proud, and so when the time comes for reconstruction, it will be their economic development that the European Union will have to strive for with determination and courage.
It is right to promote these standards, but we should also require that these same standards be met by those who export their products to the European Union.
The trend towards make savings in the EU budget, which is otherwise entirely apposite, must not be followed at the expense of the common agricultural policy.
The principle of subsidiarity must apply in the matter of the establishment of consumer protection authorities and consumer ombudsmen, as well as in the wording concerning the curriculum in schools.
The security of travel documents is definitely not limited to passports, and the entire process is no less important.
The problem is that pluralism of information - and in information - is a cornerstone of every free democracy and must be used as a defence against every monopolistic and oligopolistic philosophy and against conflicts of interest.
The delay in granting this aid is condemning hundreds of families to hunger and emigration and is jeopardising civil peace in the country.
Like many others here, I am worried about the developments we have witnessed in some Member States, including Italy and Hungary.
(Applause)
Mr President, thank you for these important points of view.
Mrs Oomen-Ruijten's report is based on the Commission Green Paper submitted in July 2010 and on the issues that this Institution has raised for debate with regard to the adequacy and sustainability of European pension systems.
Considering the rise in protectionist sentiments in many countries of the euro area, one may presume that the imposition of the pact's stringent requirements will result in the euro area becoming a threat to, or restriction of, the common EU market.
I believe that the restoration and consolidation of the European market feature among the priorities of all Member States.
The press law appears to be a lever which the President uses to restrict the power of the coalition government and to eliminate critical opponents.
A couple of years later I saw pictures on television of this terrorist leader receiving the Nobel Peace Prize together with Israeli politicians.
This means that the fight against this problem and assistance for its victims must be multi-faceted.
It would be disastrous for passengers if an airline threatened with bankruptcy decided to fly simply for the sake of profit.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and the European Conservatives and Reformists on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), as this is an agreement designed to safeguard justice and healthy competition.
It is a particularly serious matter that the EU is to fund sales-promotion measures in third countries, a policy that will result in unfair competition with the agricultural products of non-EU countries.
A directive was approved in 1993 which accepted the exception.
Article 121(2): 'The Council shall, on a recommendation from the Commission, formulate a draft for the broad guidelines of the economic policies of the Member States and of the Union, and shall report its findings to the European Council', and, further on - you have to read the full article - 'In order to ensure closer coordination of economic policies and sustained convergence of the economic performances of the Member States, the Council shall, on the basis of reports submitted by the Commission, monitor economic developments in each of the Member States and in the Union'.
Therefore, there is no way of knowing whether the Directorate-General for Competition could support them, or whether some of the solutions are appropriate for the problems we face.
A pan-EU minimum wage would distort the issue.
At the same time, the EU is trying to maintain a balance with our long-standing commitment to support the development and stability of this developing country and the Central American region more generally.
To justified public revulsion, it has allowed them to make bonus payments as well.
When properly shaped in the budget, they could create room for much better and visibly better financing of what was under-financed - i.e. innovation, the management of migration flows, the external responsibilities of the European Union that are now so visible in the Mediterranean area, energy efficiency and, above all, how to connect Europe via the trans-European networks and the other cross-border connectors in energy systems.
These are the problems the European Union is facing, and we should therefore appreciate how effective these agencies' measures are.
Firstly, I think we need to conduct an audit of all the oil platforms to check their state of repair, their level of safety and their compliance with standards.
Maybe we will produce something of worth.
In order to ensure that there is no misunderstanding, I would like to explain that I have been committed for many years to reducing our use of fossil fuels and, therefore, our impact on the environment.
How marketing and advertising affect equality between women and men (
(IT) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I must say that I agree with what has been said by Mrs Grossetête because I came here driven by the intention of bringing with me the pain, regret and discontent of the wine producing world in Italy and I found myself faced with indifference, like talking to a brick wall.
Irrespective of the fact that this is a bilateral question unrelated to the Copenhagen criteria, it is affecting the political situation during negotiations with Macedonia concerning accession.
The Commission will have a clear right to be heard at Council level because there can be no doubt that a common market requires common rules.
Regarding the Marshall Plan, I think what General George Marshall did with the initial USD 13 billion that he got from Congress in 1948 is an extremely good model.
So, I have no doubt that structural funds can help deliver the 2020 goals.
'having regard to the Zaragoza Charter of 2008 "A New Comprehensive Vision of Water” and the recommendations of the Water Tribune adopted on 14 September 2008, the closing day of the 2008 Zaragoza International Exhibition, and forwarded to the Secretary-General of the United Nations,'.
As to the question of how united we are and how effective the European Union's common foreign and security policy is, here again I will speak plainly.
Before the SIS II can become operational it must be personally tested to check whether the system is capable of functioning in accordance with the technical and operational requirements set out in the respective legal instruments.
A significant sum could be raised by applying significant leverage through the EIB, the KfW, the Deposit and Loan Banks and other financial institutions, and this could have a great impact on the start-up of projects considered valid and given economic and environmental priority.
It is true that young people have been hit particularly hard as they have been the first to lose their jobs under the current circumstances.
That is why, in my opinion, we should not define area aid uniformly, by which I mean at European Union level.
That is not something that we want to encounter.
The global financial crisis which broke out in autumn 2008 made the situation in Georgia even more complicated.
Mr President, I think you will find that I have two and a half minutes, because not all my colleagues are here.
We can even talk about incentives in this regard, and that is obviously a positive thing.
I hope that the European Commission will monitor the implementation of this agreement and check compliance with this safeguard mechanism.
This has involved supporting the Commission's proposal, while also improving it considerably at many points.
The EU forests are now facing more pressure than ever before, not necessarily because of climate change, but rather because of some of the decisions made in the EU to combat it.
Education, lifelong learning, innovation and culture certainly lead to progress.
6.
The Commissioner touched on two points that I wanted to bring up: first of all, with regard to the Nutrition and Health Group that is meeting with regard to types of food and dietary conditions, but also with regard to false advertising by many people involved in saying that sport is linked to certain types of products and additives, which can be very harmful to health.
That is why it is good that we are having this joint debate today.
(DE) Mr President, the aim is to standardise the right to asylum within the EU by 2012.
I therefore call on you to stop the undemocratic and false promotion of the Treaty of Lisbon, and to inform citizens of the true state of affairs.
It is very important that we are creating a new system, beginning by establishing a solid legal basis created by the agreements currently in force, and which were negotiated by Member States so that a common system of protection for the entire European Union could at last be established.
I will take steps to continue supporting the work of the SME Finance Forum in terms of access to credit and will also identify all available initiatives, including cross-border venture capital and the attempt to ease the 'bottlenecks' between the European Investment Bank and domestic credit institutions, which are the ones that grant the financing in the end.
The further development of synergy in the Black Sea region is significant not just for energy strategy reasons.
(RO) I wanted to highlight above all the quality of the efforts made by Gabriele Albertini in drafting the motion. I also wanted to say that I voted in favour of this motion, given that enlargement is an important political gesture for the EU.
We are encouraged by the prospect of reform in the common agricultural and fisheries policies, but concerned this may result in more bureaucracy rather than a fair solution for our farmers and fishermen.
It is therefore a good idea to speak slowly so that your speech can be interpreted and, as I said, use the option of delivering your speech in writing so that it will appear in the verbatim record.
in writing. - (DE) Freight traffic is concentrated mainly on the roads at present and the proportion carried on rail and water or by air is declining.
There may be some more; I am working on it.
Hereupon the Commission presented a communication on a coordinated strategy to improve the fight against VAT fraud in the European Union in December 2008.
Therefore, I call on the European Commission to take the greatest care when transposing this telecoms package.
In all probability, France and Germany will vote 'no' but you dare not let the people vote on the Treaty because you know their answer already.
I think the issue of the Roma people should be made a priority by the newly appointed Commissioners, so I decided to endorse the motion for a resolution on the Second Roma Summit drawn up by fellow Members from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
That is the question.
(DE) Mr President, Europe means freedom, democracy and solidarity or, to put it another way, social and ecological responsibility.
Let me also underline that the Commission is keen to ensure a process of consultation that fully respects the rights of the child.
One of the most shameful recent actions has been the adoption of a so-called constitution that violates the most basic democratic principles and guarantees almost complete impunity for all the acts I have just mentioned.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
The question is whether you use that ambition to become someone, or rather to achieve something.
We have obligations to our European partners to undertake large-scale reforms in this area, which need to cope adequately with the numerous cases in Bulgaria's courts, especially with those involving corruption at high levels and the indications of it.
France, in particular, has not yet done this.
Europe must embody a constant striving for simplification.
On food aid and food security, this is one of the priorities of the European Parliament resolution.
It is particularly important to strengthen democracy and the rule of law.
We still do not have any news regarding whether such tests will be conducted on those reactors operating in other European nations that are not EU Member States.
I believe that better coordination is required between local and regional authorities and the organisations doing business in the Danube region in order to ensure job creation and security in this area.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, although the theme of good tax governance has always been of great importance, it has become even more relevant and significant following the major economic and financial crisis of two years ago.
However, in defending our currency, are we really going to allow democracy to prove weaker than relatively authoritarian regimes?
However, the EU lacks reasonable and realistic means to enforce the sound regulations that were laid down as long ago as 12 July 2006.
We must ensure transparency, here and in the Council.
As a result of this, they have taken on extremely heavy economic and social responsibilities.
But will we also manage to agree on the EUR 2.4 billion deficit in the EUR 5 billion Recovery Plan with the Council in the autumn?
The Commission proposal would allow for the product to only be used in pre-packaged, clearly labelled combined meat products with the name of the enzyme, thrombin - a blood-derived product - in the list of ingredients.
The EU has put forward proposals that the negotiation for a legally binding treaty for the period starting 1 January 2013 should be finalised as soon as possible after the Copenhagen conference.
Most of the increasing problems have a common denominator: we are making little use of independent studies into the use of resources and the organisation of work.
Bearing in mind also the widespread crisis that we are unfortunately experiencing, we can do nothing other than to sustain the quality, traceability and transparency of information associated with agricultural produce.
I think that, apart from obtaining public and EU funding, in order to develop an EU strategic infrastructure which will involve expanding and integrating all the local, regional and European energy markets, we must focus greater attention on the private sector and investments from there.
It therefore makes no sense to talk about freezing salaries in a budget of this type.
We also, however, want to show that we can continue with nuclear power when there is greater certainty over the issue.
We would have liked a study to have been conducted for Martinique and Guadeloupe in order to keep an industry in these regions.
As we mentioned, the new framework for Commission expert group was adopted in November 2010.
Four priority areas were identified where progress is essential namely
As Mrs McGuiness noted in the report presented at the end of last year to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, the price of wheat has risen by 180% in two years, while food prices in general have risen globally by 83%.
All the observations have been on other issues and I am happy that, after one year of discussion in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, colleagues have confirmed their support for the structure of the report - which is not 'the Arlacchi report'.
Representatives of the European Parliament have, of course, been invited as well.
We need a few days to grasp and to assess the situation in the Constitutional Court.
Thank you very much indeed.
In my region, Galicia, this is considered to be unbeatable competition, which will have serious consequences for employment.
Therefore, what do you reckon Parliament and other EU institutions should push for?
Madam President, Google is an American company we all know well, providing online services which many of us use on a daily basis.
Consumer protection is vitally important to all the Member States.
How does the Commission assess the current EU trade problems with Russia, and do we have a particular strategy on how to address the issue of Russia's membership of the WTO?
Moreover, it will bring its inhabitants increased security and prosperity.
Therefore, the European System of Central Banks and the European Statistical System should, if necessary, collect data on a monthly basis.
We must reverse the trend towards radical restructuring, prevent job losses and stave off further pressure to cut salaries and social security payments.
No one can deny that there have been tensions in the financial markets in recent days and weeks but, as in all financial markets, there is significant overshooting.
The Services Directive, adopted by the European Parliament and by the Council on 12 December 2006, is an intrinsic part of the Lisbon Strategy, which has been revised over time and adapted to the various situations that Europe has experienced over the last nine years, and its main objective absolutely must be to make the European economy the world's most competitive economy, but also a knowledge-based economy.
In the end, I wonder who will benefit from the decisions that will be made this week.
For example, doubts still remain about possible conflicts of interest in relation to the assessment of the appetite suppressant benfluorex.
Climate change means that every type of forest and the forestry sector as a whole are exposed to specific and unforeseeable threats such as storms, drought and forest fires.
The presence of religious symbols is not a sign of religious discrimination or coercion.
It is sufficient to mention the questions of human rights and the right of association, or the ruthless use of natural resources to exert political pressure on other countries, such as those of the European Union.
Cost of examining asylum seekers' applications in Member States (debate)
Furthermore, our coastal tourism sector also has great growth potential.
I am delighted that the European Parliament has adopted the Járóka report by an overwhelming majority.
It states, therefore, that the IMP should be interconnected with the objectives and initiatives of the EU 2020 Strategy.
One of the greatest cultural figures was the Bohemian Forest poet Adalbert Stifter, who worked in Bavaria, Upper Austria and Bohemia and united Czech and German people.
The only practical thing that this Parliament can do is to seek the freezing of the association agreement with Israel; anything else is just talk - positive and attractive - but just talk.
The European security and defence policy has only been in existence for around ten years, we should remember, and the document on the security strategy was only produced in 2003.
I am working on this point at present.
I wholeheartedly support the rapporteur's idea that the EU should, under the banner of territorial cohesion, stimulate greater interoperability and the transfer of knowledge between research and innovation centres and their surrounding regions, in order to achieve the maximum impact for European citizens from the investments made.
In this regard, we ask that a complete ban on travel to and through Europe be imposed on all officials of the Hamas regime, including those who are not formally allied with Hamas and those who are not on the European terror list.
Our businesses have to comply with extremely demanding standards of worker protection, meet high wage and tax bills, abide by laws placing strict controls on emissions into the environment, and abide by conditions imposed by local planning regulations.
We cooperate at all times with the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF), and I would add that we are on the verge of agreeing to supervision by the new European Banking Authority.
We cannot therefore all participate equally in constructing the social framework that, nonetheless, democratically, belongs to us all equally across Europe.
It is true that neurodegenerative diseases, neurological development disorders and non-psychiatric brain diseases, of which epilepsy is one, are a major concern for many of our fellow citizens.
We are going to resume the sitting with a very important subject: the joint debate on the Treaty of Lisbon, which includes the following reports:
It manages to secure the rights of passengers without, at the same time, imposing a heavy burden on carriers, most of which are small and medium-sized enterprises.
Insurance is more or less impossible because you cannot describe the product, or you can describe the product but it will be so expensive that it is not affordable.
It is undermining the competitive ability of the various countries.
If you recall the days of Enver Hoxha's dictatorship, it is clear that Albania offers few guarantees that it can persevere on the path it has taken and raise its level of development and respect for the rule of law and individual freedom to acceptable levels in the light of European standards.
Prolonging operational aid to coal mines fails to address the legitimate concerns of coal workers for their futures.
(FR) Madam President, I too would like to thank our four rapporteurs who have carried out some outstanding work and who have brought significant added value from the European Parliament to the text initially proposed by the Commission.
It will allow new investments to be generated, it will strengthen demand and, by the same token, it will support growth and create jobs.
(The sitting closed at 12.50.)
We must seize this moment to create a vision and some clear objectives concerning biodiversity and its sustainable conservation after 2010.
This is specific action which the citizens of Member States of the European Union expect of us.
It also mentions the importance, in social inclusion terms, of social protection, vocational training, education and public service provision.
But I would just like to make some factual remarks.
It is important to note that Parliament's main priority is its legislative role (in the opinion of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats)) and that Parliament should be allocated the necessary resources so that it can do excellent work.
Therefore, in my view, the agreement reached represents an excellent compromise that will strike the right balance between the needs of producers and those of consumers, thereby guaranteeing the proper functioning of the market in a sector that is truly the driving force of our European economy.
Do this, and this will establish the link - Mrs Berès was just saying that this debate is a bit like a melting pot; fiscal coordination will help establish the link between the EU 2020 strategy, the report on the governance of the euro area, on the single market, and employment and education issues.
The objective of the Committee on Agriculture and of the High Level Group is to examine competitive practices and the transparency of the internal market in the food sector.
In the executive, we have female heads of key ministries such as Finance, Justice, Social Solidarity, etc., and a female Public Prosecutor of the Republic.
In facing the new challenges, cooperation with the European Union will be very useful to the United States.
Nor should we reward the refugees with refugee status or permanent residence.
That being said, it combines with the financial cycle, that is to say that, when the cycle is going well, we take risks, but when it is no longer going well, we tell ourselves that it might be wise to regulate things slightly.
I hope that the new regulation will be future-proof.
Looking at the checkpoint, where there was no formal communication on either side, it certainly did look like a scene from the Cold War.
In any case, Europe's freezing citizens understand what needs to be done.
There are still fundamental questions to be addressed regarding the ethical implications of cloning animals for food supply, and even the implication of animal cloning on human health and animal welfare.
Madam President, I would also like to join personally and on behalf of my group in offering condolences for the death of Orlando Zapata.
Implementing measures (Rule 88): see Minutes
This demonstrates leadership ability in both of them and will no doubt lead to an atmosphere and an attitude of openness, to which Mr Tremopoulos referred in his speech.
Now an incineration plant is being planned in this bay and once again the inhabitants of this region are going to be subject to environmental nightmare.
(NL) Madam President, last Friday, hundreds of so-called asylum seekers from the former Barbary broke out from their reception camps on the Italian mainland.
I believe that the Treaty of Lisbon will also allow us this opportunity, because now, the European Parliament is a fully competent legislator along with the Council, and it was very agreeable to hear Mr Barrot say that he had confidence in this partnership between the Commission and Parliament.
Opening up the market - in other words, a controlled import quota - must therefore be subject to at least three requirements being met.
I voted in favour of this resolution because I believe that it can help the Libyan people to improve their living conditions, which are often conditioned by a lack of respect for human rights and the most basic freedoms.
(FI) Mr President, the artist Ai Weiwei, who has achieved international recognition, is someone who has enriched Chinese culture and art.
- (EL) Joint motion for a resolution Β6-0454/2007
They call for the immediate and full liberalisation of the markets and the removal of all barriers, restrictions and controls.
We need to ensure a supply of highly qualified and well-educated workers with the right combination of both theoretical and practical skills.We also need to tackle persisting barriers to mobility within the EU, in particular for researchers and highly skilled people and to address the issue of EU-wide recognition of engineers' qualifications.
This means that the need to move away from high levels of military spending, which are criticised in this report and which have risen in recent years, towards spending on social services, culture and the environment, which benefits the population, is a central element of this report and I am pleased that it has been included.
I can assure you that we remain committed to working towards the improvement of the human rights situation in Eritrea so that it is very dominant in our minds.
Do not give carte blanche when it comes to the European State aid map.
However, the EU's representation in the IMF also needs to be discussed and strengthened.
We should be careful in choosing which ones will be implemented; we should exclude tax on sectors such as the energy sector which have a multiplying effect on living costs.
(The House rose and observed a minute's silence)
In any case, they are interested in ensuring that our cosmetic products are safe.
It is crucial that adequate bank lending is returned to normal levels as soon as possible.
The last EIT Council conclusions called for 'rapid additional action by the ESF to support employment, especially for the most vulnerable groups in the population, paying particular attention to the smallest undertakings by reducing non-wage labour costs'.
We do not think that legally binding standards should be avoided in the field of corporate responsibility: in Europe, we should create additional standards for company reporting.
The natural values of the still-untouched areas and the characteristics of the habitats should be determined, and their further protection should be ensured.
Today we are deciding on the notion that the use of the Internet is a civil right.
Otherwise, we will not be able to get sufficient appropriations for research, energy and aid for Palestine.
It is absurd that, while seeking integration and a regulatory role in the area, Turkey continues to infringe international law and the principles on which the EU is founded by maintaining occupying troops in a Member State.
I agree totally with Sophia in 't Veld.
As a result, we underlined to the government and all political players the importance of addressing these core points in the run-up to the presidential and local elections due in a few days time.
Worse still, why is it that in the Dutch request fixed-term contract workers were left out of any support, when they are the hardest hit?
We need high-level meetings, but, as Europeans, in this matter we have to remember what the fundamental function of the European Union is.
I must also add that the European Parliament has a very significant and constructive role to play by way of the codecision powers it will enjoy once the Lisbon Treaty comes into force.
The next progress reports will be published in October 2009.
Interpretation of the Rules of Procedure: see Minutes
The negative elements are in the implementation.
The objectives of the Lisbon Strategy should not be put on ice.
It is not about which flag goes on the aid, it is about getting the aid out there, working with the United Nations to get it delivered.
The directive needs to spell out what a victim's rights are and what the procedures are for lodging a complaint, and these are some of the things that I myself have tried to highlight in Parliament's position.
I and my group will support the compromise reached by rapporteur Karas with great skill and patience under heavy time pressure and in the current feverish economic circumstances.
However, we need to go ahead with further proposals.
The current economic crisis cannot justify this extension.
We must make sure that it is possible for them to exercise their rights, and we must strive for the consistent punishment of people who discriminate.
I would like to thank Mrs Evans for her excellent work.
The efficient functioning of the internal market is a precondition for an adequate guarantee of the rights bestowed by a treaty in respect of the free movement of persons, services, goods and capital within the Community.
The same applies to power generation from waste gases in steel production.
In its conclusion, the Council also invited the Commission to establish a high-level group on literacy and a thematic working group on maths, science and technology.
Any agreement related to ACTA made by the European Union must abide by the legal obligations imposed on the EU on matters of privacy and data protection legislation, as defined in Directive 95/46/EC, in Directive 2002/58/EC and in the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights and of the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
- (SV) Mr President, the Berlin Wall fell almost 20 years ago.
I also believe that taking greater responsibility may help the Member States reach common positions, thus consolidating relations among the 27 countries on these topics as well.
Dare I say, there may be some doubt about this.
At a time of crisis, faced with rising protectionism, it is as easy as it is irresponsible to be populist.
This is why I consider that the process of internalising external costs must be applied to every kind of transport and double taxation must be avoided.
These rules have no place in a free trade agreement.
Nevertheless, signing and ratifying conventions is merely providing a framework for improvement.
The report clarifies its scope and adapts it to the real needs of the common fisheries policy under the new Treaty of Lisbon, so I think it is positive.
I hope we will see the same spirit of cooperation when we draw up the 2011 budget.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today, during the hearing of the Commissioner-designate, I heard a very specific commitment regarding combating human trafficking.
The role of the European Union as a human rights defender is a fundamental characteristic which the institutions must not relinquish and which must be maintained as a priority of diplomatic work.
We have great sympathy for the situation in Israel.
That is the best way, the best pressure that you can put on those other countries that have to sign: formalise it, because they know that we want to go forward.
Administration is extremely fragmented, it has no means, and there are neither human nor financial resources to prevent disasters.
The statistics bear this out: the unemployment rate in Europe stands at 9.6%, the youth unemployment rate at 20.2%.
Our exploration and extraction takes place nearer to coasts and at much shallower depths than those at which the Gulf of Mexico accident occurred.
Indeed, the need for a lasting solution to the conflict in Transnistria must be reiterated, with respect for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the Republic of Moldova.
That new aid can be cumulated with the de minimis, but within the limit of EUR 500 000 for the period 2008-2010.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I will immediately start by saying, without exaggeration, that for me, hospitality is a sacred value.
The support they have given me has improved this report.
It has its logic, as so clearly explained by Mr Gerbrandy.
Are you going to reach a conclusion in June?
What you are doing is conning people; it is a scam and the people are finding you out.
The idea of introducing a tax on financial transactions will also burden healthy systems which do not share the blame.
An emergency such as the one caused by the Icelandic volcano was never expected, however.
We take it seriously because China really matters.
The EU invests tremendously in EU-Russia relations, and we are joined through the Council of Europe and the OSCE.
The second message is to Alexander Lukashenko: start showing respect for the international conventions your country has ratified, including the Joint Declaration of the Prague Eastern Partnership, and stop persecuting your citizens.
The trialogue between the institutions will start on the basis of the report that will probably be adopted today.
(The House rose and observed a minute's silence)
The security of the Schengen area depends on the rigour and efficiency with which each Member State carries out checks at its external borders.
I would also like to mention that the Committee of the Regions has said that local and regional authorities have taken an interest in the ECI.
The situation for journalists in Iran is one of the worst in the world; free information on the internet is blocked and people writing blogs are persecuted.
Europe is solidarity and Europe can help if the country is in such distress.
The information is intended to provide a basis for analysing the demand for drugs and ways of reducing it, as well as phenomena associated with the drug market in general.
There is no doubt, however, that at the moment, balance between the institutions is highlighted in the application of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I know that my speaking time is over, but I would like to take another three seconds to thank the Commissioner for spending many late evenings here with us, discussing things after debates on agriculture had finished.
We had an interesting discussion in the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
More than 2 billion people are infected with the tuberculosis bacillus and one in ten of these people fall ill with the active form.
From Maastricht onwards, criteria have existed which are designed to prevent dangerous situations, and we have seen how miserably they have failed.
I came here to tell you that we must put an end to those times, that cooperation must replace rivalry, and that negotiations must prevail over the rhetoric of war.
Congratulations, Mrs Pagano.
In Mexico in 2010, approximately 7.5 million young people have no chance of being registered in the formal education system, which also means no hope of making a decent living.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand Palestinians have been arrested and put in prison since 1967.
We need to promote public awareness and online safety, especially among children, but also among parents so that they know exactly what is going on and what can be done on the Internet.
The European Union condemns all the war crimes that destroyed the former Yugoslavia, and supports the work of the ICTY (International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia).
Employers and workers will have to pay the price, while emissions continue to increase beyond our borders.
That may be one way, but it is not sufficient to ensure success.
Despite a series of hindrances - such as the economic crisis, the persistent inability to close the gap with the United States and increasing competition from emerging countries - the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) has proved that it can offer added value to European research and development.
Clearly, these issues will be crucial in the immediate future, both for Greece and for the rest of the EU, which is why I voted in favour of this particular report.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
In some parts of Europe the 20th century was hallmarked by such totalitarian regimes.
Finally, the EU's commitment to open trade goes hand in hand with its commitment to sustainable development, which is an overarching policy objective for the EU, including in the context of various trade policy initiatives.
The accession countries naturally must take greater strides towards guaranteeing human and minority rights, but current EU Member States must set a good example.
As I have said, it is not in the interests of the workers.
We must not lose this political momentum and this unique opportunity to revitalise the single market.
Well, to some extent, this is true, but not entirely.
Mr President, let me tell you the story of two African countries.
We believe that the EU has a role to play in the defence of fundamental rights; however, it is the Member States who carry the first responsibility, in line with their traditions of democracy and the rule of law.
There are no problems with the other six institutions.
The Treaty of Lisbon is only 18 months old and you were more closely involved in its creation than I was.
UNESCO has already offered its help, as has the Association of South-East Asian Nations.
This Parliament's resolution rightly highlights that the 13th session omits to mention the serious human rights problems associated with regimes like Guinea-Conakry, Afghanistan, Iran and Yemen.
Mr President, sadly, Salafist forces that are part of the global al-Qaeda franchise have found sanctuary in the Sahel region, which is a vast and remote territory ideal for them for purposes of terrorist training, kidnapping unfortunate innocents - and here I extend my condolences to the families of the two French citizens recently murdered - and, of course, drug smuggling and organised crime.
We know about the human rights situation, the dependent judiciary, the conditions of detention, torture and capital punishment in Libya.
I did not refer to any micro-authority.
I think that, at the end of the day, we all would like to make sure our condolences are sent and I hope the President of Parliament will send a personal letter to Shahbaz Bhatti's mother.
We are therefore sceptical about the quality of his report.
I am going to propose to Parliament and the Council that we all sit together in order to find at least a compromise solution, which we need as soon as possible because we cannot go on in this way.
For this reason, I personally consider it necessary that at least part of the funding is withheld until it we have suitable assurances that the funds will be properly spent.
We know about the relationship between democracy and respect for human rights.
(The sitting was closed at 16.15)
I believe that the proposal for a directive, which was sent back to committee today with important additions, can contribute to mapping out a clear legal framework on consumer rights.
I am in favour of the development of this region but I consider the derogation from the rules of origin for processed fishery products to be unacceptable.
The money is continuing to flow nevertheless and in ever higher amounts.
This does nothing to resolve the actual problems, but simply remedies some of the symptoms.
Secondly, I think the idea of involving new regions and citizens in cohesion policy is a sound one.
Mr President, I am delighted that the High Representative will be the first and most senior foreign diplomat to visit Egypt, and following this debate she will take with her Parliament's support for the immediate release of political prisoners, for legal accountability for those responsible for the violent suppression of peaceful protest and for an asset freeze and other actions for the authors of past human rights abuse.
Are you going to stop this?
I would also like to make one important remark. This proposal for a framework decision is intended to deal only with positive conflicts of jurisdiction.
Yes, we will be aiming to ensure that we strike the right balance; in fact, the balance needs to be struck in three particular areas to which I will be paying very close attention:
I wish you all the best and God bless!
(DE) Mr President, first of all, I would like to congratulate and thank the rapporteur and my fellow Members who were involved for their work.
I can only support what has already been said by several MEPs, namely that it is high time that we focused on fundamental rights within the European Union in order to be credible and be able to talk about fundamental rights outside the European Union.
Let us go beyond discussion.
The European Parliament has achieved enough in its negotiations with the Council of Ministers.
This is an absolutely essential prerequisite for achieving results and for achieving the necessary prioritisation.
I believe that this needs to change as soon as possible.
Therefore, the Commission must now propose amendments.
The high number of children in orphanages, which we are talking about in today's debate, often does not mean children who have been abandoned, but in fact represents children of poor parents who are not coping with their difficult personal situation.
As a result of the strengthening of the common energy market and infrastructural development, a common European energy policy may be created at last.
Mr President, this proposal for a directive that we are bringing to plenary today to keep away aggressors who pursue their victims until they kill them, wherever they hide, is a clear message that Parliament must send to European society and to the Council.
(FR) Madam President, as our Parliament's permanent rapporteur for humanitarian action, I have just returned from Kivu in the Democratic Republic of Congo and I had hoped to give you an optimistic message about the resolution of this situation and the return of displaced persons to their homes.
In this case, the Council and, above all, this Parliament are also involved in making the decision about the composition of the College and about the portfolios which you will make available and about the programme for the next five years that you will present.
It is, therefore, very important to develop targeted and intelligent sanctions, including against individuals.
All of these austerity measures hit wage-earners and the weakest sectors of society.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I welcome this opportunity on World Tuberculosis Day to underline the Commission's commitment to addressing the challenges caused by this disease.
Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting: see Minutes
On the question of the integration of our forces, progress is feeble, and I cannot think that colliding French and British submarines is quite what we had expected!
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on EU-Japan trade relations by Daniel Caspary and Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group, Syed Kamall, Robert Sturdy and Jan Zahradil, on behalf of the ECR Group, Niccolò Rinaldi, Metin Kazak and Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of the ALDE Group, and Emilio Menéndez del Valle, David Martin and Vital Moreira, on behalf of the S&D Group (O-000088/2011/rév.1 - B7-0220/2011).
We have achieved a third of what we need to do to attain the 30% target.
The use of hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment is a major problem for public health, for the environment and for waste management.
in writing. - UKIP is opposed to female genital mutilation, homophobia, racism and xenophobia.
At the same time, it is important to ensure security for private individuals, producers, users and public authorities.
The Maputo Agreement foresees the establishment of a national unity government with a transition period of 15 months.
You have now raised some criticisms of this development cooperation.
By delivering stability, by being credible in delivering stability in the medium and long run, we trust that we are contributing to sustainable growth and sustainable job creation.
(NL) Mr President, an appalling lack of political freedom, coupled with a harrowing socio-economic situation, has led to weeks of mass demonstrations and the eventual resignation of President Mubarak.
So far, no coroner's court has been convened to investigate the death, as would be the usual practice in the event of such a violent death.
Yesterday, the President of the Commission gave a positive response to Stephen Hughes's request.
At present, all this appears to me to be clearly contradictory.
The changes proposed are based on accumulated experience and on the understanding that the profile of the European Investment Bank as a top-rated investment bank should not be jeopardised.
What coordination mechanisms is the Commission proposing that could not have been implemented before the communication?
The European Parliament encourages the country's democratic forces and ethnic and cultural communities to avoid needless confrontation and cooperate to create a European future for this state, whose economy has been hit hard by the recession and which is facing a major gamble politically and in terms of democratic reforms.
Only 7% of the population lives below the poverty line.
Government requires a Community method.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to express my profound alarm at the rapidly worsening situation of fellow Poles in Lithuania.
Mr President, for all those who observe the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, this might be a time in which we are tempted to put our hands in the air and scream in despair.
The Copenhagen conference appeared to the world to be a unique opportunity for world leaders to bear witness to, act on and correct the effects of this process of climate change.
Consequently, 2018 guarantees an acceptable solution, taking into account this impact assessment.
I was targeted a moment ago.
At the meeting on 7 September this year, the Council received news from the Commission that a draft proposal for a review of Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 on the protection of animals during transport will be tabled as soon as possible.
We do so with a great sense of responsibility.
Iranian warships have even sailed through the Suez canal, a downright provocative gesture to the West and to Israel.
I believe that this would represent an economic programme through which the Council could show, as one - as this would have to be decided unanimously - how consumption-based vehicle taxes could be brought on-line.
It 'notes with great concern that the crisis already bears major human costs, and has devastating effects for the vulnerable in the poorest countries with an expected increase of 23 million more unemployed, up to 90 million more extreme poor in 2009 alone, life-saving drug treatment for up to 1.7 million people under threat, and 200 000-400 000 more infant deaths per year on average between 2009 and 2015'.
On this point, we think that a broad and comprehensive political debate should take place about the desired level of ambition and the financial resources available.
An effective policy provides guarantees of regional stability in the area through which this gas pipeline is going to run.
These include the creation of a specific 2020 fund, the increase in state requirements concerning the environmental performance of goods, and the incentive to construct energy-efficient buildings.
Data supplied by Eurobarometer and gathered by Coldiretti in Italy show that in a food emergency, 43% of Italians, for example, avoid the foods they have heard about for a certain length of time, whereas 13% cut them out of their diet for good.
Today, people face too much uncertainty as regards the issues of access to care in other European Union Member States, reimbursements for services provided and responsibility for clinical follow-up.
The Solidarity Fund, in conjunction with existing environmental and agricultural programmes, could help on a truly lasting basis.
We call on the European Commission and the Council to show that it is up to the job and to safeguard a leading role for Europe in this new endeavour.
in writing. - (NL) The Dutch People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is opposed to an absolute increase in the EU budget for 2012.
There remains a third topic that you have also mentioned: political declarations.
The theft was suffered by a Member in the proximity of the European Parliament's premises.
As we all know, it is not only a library, for it is also a virtual museum and archive.
In the given situation, the European Parliament should remain in the position of a body demanding compliance with the adopted rules of the EU Member States in such a way as to avoid interfering with the competitive environment while accepting the principle of subsidiarity.
Among the many actions proposed and the various objectives the Commission has set itself in the attempt to bring about a real Innovation Union, one of the most innovative elements is represented by the so-called 'Innovation Partnerships'.
That is jargon and hardly anyone understands what it means.
It is not just TB, AIDS and malaria, but all the other diseases.
The game will be cleared for them.
That contradicts the principle of symmetry and equal attention being paid to both neighbourhoods.
Yet the Commission proposals on inspection in its original document have been really watered down, and Parliament has had to fight to get even what we have currently in Article 15.
I hope that this new instrument will help us to have a better European debate in Europe and more European topics in national capitals.
So this is purely a matter for clarification.
I would like to make the green position on this point clear, which is that we need to be sensitive to the general debt problems and my group therefore believes that we should waive this increase of EUR 1 500 for the next year.
Madam President, the accession treaties of the three Member States, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Lithuania, included the request to decommission a number of nuclear reactors which no longer met the safety conditions and could not be upgraded in a cost-effective manner.
The current directive removes a fundamental principle of the free market, namely, entrepreneurship and support for it.
In relation to the issue of corporate tax bases, conversely, the Commission has been working for some time on a proposal for a common consolidated corporate tax base.
The financial and economic crisis, climate change, the introduction of new information technologies and the war on terror further exacerbate human rights issues and new forms of human rights violations emerge.
The rapporteur was in no easy situation when she was preparing her material.
The Banking Authority has tried hard to develop a sufficiently representative sample, both at national level and across the entire European Union, whilst ensuring that the exercise remains manageable.
I therefore welcome this motion for a resolution.
I think that this 2020 strategy must enable us to have a better perspective on the economic policies of our Member States, in order to avoid certain imbalances or even certain instances of competition in the future.
The greatest danger, which we must not allow, is a further rise in unemployment, a fall in demand and a scaling back of production.
There is a huge amount at stake.
This could take some time.
As for readmission and relocation, we must reinforce Frontex still further and organise joint return flights.
This directive should represent an impetus to improve national legislation, above all in countries such as my own, where the tide must be turned.
This responsibility is incumbent on all of us, the European institutions, the Member States and organisations.
That spirit is the context for the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
(Parliament rejected the request to refer back to committee the report)
We could lend support to people to find a livelihood and social security in their countries of origin, that is, we could eliminate the causes of their emigration.
They come, in fact, after the anti-democratic pressure exerted by European leaders - which he observed - on the Irish people, who are being forced to have a new referendum, to be held on 2 October.
For my part, I am convinced, in listening to everyone, that if we set our goals carefully, we will be able to avoid misunderstandings.
The Dutch people do not need solidarity, what they need is for us to stand up here for Dutch interests.
One long-term stage has already been largely outlined.
In the United States, a popular uprising, a new conservative revolution of the people against the financial oligarchies, is taking place.
We should, instead, anticipate what will happen in the future and put a process in place which will enable us to react to dynamic developments and innovations adequately.
(SV) Mr President, of the decisions that we take in the European Parliament, today's is one of those that I am most proud of.
In the last 10 years I have heard many criticisms of it, including the lack of a level playing field, insufficient stakeholder involvement, inadequate balancing of economic, social and environmental imperatives and too much by way of micro-management from the centre.
It thus ended almost a decade of debate and institutional stalemate, opening the door to new opportunities for the European Union.
We are currently at the 'once the debate is finished' stage, but I am sure you will come back to me in order to have that amended - I have faith in you.
Responses to relaunch the economy in the Member States of the European Union in Central and Eastern Europe
I hope that we will vote in favour of these reports tomorrow.
But the overall question pointed out by the Commissioner of the EUR 19.1 billion advantage to the European Union and EUR 12.5 billion to South Korea is a good deal in my book.
Further factors are the increasing incidence of complex crises, especially internal conflicts, and the changing nature of conflicts, many of which entail the displacement of huge numbers of people (refugees and internally displaced persons), as well as increased violence against civilians.
I voted against and so I am very pleased with the outcome of this morning's vote, in which Parliament has given the green light to the appointment of the Chairperson of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA).
The European Union, through the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights, supports the activities of civil society organisations in this very specific area.
This afternoon, we voted on the Statute for a European private company.
Special attention is paid to the less favoured regions, such as rural areas, areas affected by industrial transition, areas with severe and permanent natural and demographic limitations, and island, cross-border and mountain regions.
The way the referendum passed off peacefully and the good assessments it received, including from the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, create the impression of stability, but in fact, the stability is very fragile and very superficial.
The five reports from the Committee on Regional Development underscore the European Parliament's long-term commitment as well to a strong, effective cohesion policy.
This is scandalous and the environmental damage - if you do not intervene, if you do not stop this economic scandal, because these installations are cofinanced by the European Union - will be unavoidable.
And a European economic system whose resilience flows from its single market, its competition rules and the euro will now need these assets as the drivers for recovery.
Nowadays, it is not only a matter of giving flowers to women we know.
However, we do not share the view that we MEPs need more staff.
in writing. - (DE) I have abstained from voting on the climate change report.
Firstly, the European Investment Bank has a central role in the Europe 2020 strategy.
Europe has to speak with one voice and play its part in ending this affront to justice.
As, by the way, there is a debate between the Council and Parliament as to whether we should resolve several issues, from novel food to various foreign policy and external financial instruments, by way of an implementing act or a delegated act.
Nevertheless, in addition to the fact that this concept of sustainability has never been defined in the economic literature, can the risk premiums demanded by the markets be deemed justifiable?
This is why I welcome the agreement reached within the General Affairs Council on concluding negotiations with Croatia by the end of this month. I hope that the European Council will formalise this matter.
On 10 March further sanctions were added, including an asset freeze, a further travel ban, an arms embargo and an embargo on equipment which might be used for internal repression - thus going beyond the measures imposed by the previously adopted UN Security Council resolution.
The proposal made by the Commission was purely technical and aimed to simplify the current provisions regarding labelling.
I am very pleased that, once again, we have the opportunity today to actively debate issues relating to energy security in the European Parliament.
At the same time, we must take into account cooperation projects which will consolidate the IMF's legal status and equal access to education and the workforce.
I have heard that in Germany, only one in two 14 to 15 year olds understands the meaning of inflation.
- Before the vote:
There are still national rules that impede free movement; unfair commercial practices and restrictions to market access still exist; there are toys that still have to be tested again when they have already been certified in another Member State.
The allegations just made may have a detrimental effect on the EU's reputation, since they refer to the internal workings of one of its institutions, and we need to know whether the identified disruption practices are limited to an isolated action or represent continuous irregularities.
Parliament has gained the right to nominate two of the members of the administrative board.
It also means strengthening the European system for protecting fundamental rights because, alongside the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the Treaty of Lisbon, it creates a setting, a legal protection framework that is almost perfect and is therefore the most advanced in the world.
9.
Europe must step up to the mark, and so must the European Parliament.
A body whose so-called public television channel quotes the 'Prophet' inciting the murder of Jews should receive not a cent - not one single cent - more in development funds.
(GA) Mr President, I am pleased to say a few words on behalf of my group on this subject and, without doubt, fishing is a controversial topic, one of the most contentious subjects that come before Parliament.
We failed to understand the commitment of China and other developing countries.
We are also launching an overall reflection on the future of EU biodiversity policy and look forward to the input of the European Parliament on these questions.
There is an urgent need for much stronger consumer protection and for services of general public interest to be shielded from the rules of competition and removed from the control of cartels.
The summit venue will be Nizhny Novgorod, in Soviet times, Gorky, where the key figure of Soviet conscience, Andrei Sakharov, was banished for many years.
Unfortunately, it is an issue that all Member States have to face.
This new revision is an opportunity to make the scheme more attractive and simpler for small and medium-sized enterprises and is also an attempt to ensure that EMAS has the same level of participation as ISO 14001 currently has (which is the leading Environmental Management System in Europe).
We know that the prospect of joining the Union - what we call the European perspective of the Western Balkans - is the most important catalyst for stability and reform in these countries.
We recognise that the primary responsibility under the Treaties for the monitoring of the application of Community law lies with the Commission.
Even if all nuclear reactors were shut down tomorrow, there would still be a legacy of waste from half a century of nuclear generation and from a variety of other activities.
The Hungarian Presidency of the EU is ready to work shoulder to shoulder with the French Presidency of the G20 to achieve concrete results.
The challenges we face are very substantial.
From a dialectical point of view, they have presented us with a very simple problem, or so it would seem.
Therefore those elements in your amendments do not seem reasonable to me, and I was anxious to say so.
Let me talk about financing: the important thing here is that the resources already available should be used.
Although many new roads have been built or repaired and Internet connections have been installed, there are still a great many needs to be met, since there is a very large gap between these regions and the most highly developed regions.
Between them, the European political parties received around EUR 67 million in European subsidies between 2004 and 2010.
It is, after all, clear - either confrontation, an uncertain scramble and conflicts, or peaceful cooperation and a region that could be an example to other countries around the world.
They face a squeeze from banks when it comes to existing credit and the future credit that is necessary to their existence.
The reason for differences is the spread of extreme poverty, social exclusion or deliberate exclusion, regions with multiple disadvantages that have been left out of the information society, and whose citizens cannot even be expected to have a common European awareness.
(FR) Mr President, Mr Barroso, in this House there are MEPs, including myself, who will not be placing their confidence in you in tomorrow's vote.
Following the negotiations conducted with the Commission and the Council, we have a common understanding which stipulates the need for the supporters of a citizens' initiative to provide certain elements of ID and for facilities for Member States to verify them.
I would therefore like to stress the importance of maintaining the Union's humanitarian aid to Sudan and to South Sudan.
Well, we have our two pygmies.
During the Spanish Presidency, this project should already be scheduled into its implementation phase.
In other words, we should stop paying subsidies and start paying for the services provided.
We are going through a particular moment in time, a major economic and financial crisis, which is also the result of a lack of reciprocity in the world, not only with developing countries - which has its own logic, its own explanation - but with the new global players and the traditional global players.
It is an acknowledged fact that using pesticides poses a threat to both human health and the environment.
With regard to the question of finding funds for finance, just this morning, during the debate, I said that we, the European Commission, are going to table proposals for this in the next financial perspectives that we are calling 'EU project bonds': that is, bonds for investing in certain projects, structural projects, such as projects for European networks, which will definitely include energy.
Within the current context in which civil aviation activity is taking place, the creation of equal conditions for the various European companies could contribute to facilitating the process of monopolistic concentration within the sector that is already under way, with all the adverse effects that this would have for aviation company workers and for passengers.
Secondly, the 2020 strategy is crucial to the future of the European Union.
Plant protection products are, in fact, medicine for plants.
However, at Heads of State or Government level, apart from the relationships with our Member States, we have, in the Treaty of Lisbon, the President of the Council, who represents Europe in external policy and common security matters, and the Commission which, pursuant to Article 17, represents Europe in every other aspect of external relations.
We must have a strong labour market policy, we must make it easier for companies and entrepreneurs to take the risk of employing people and to dare to invest and we must ensure that people are employable by investing in education and research.
Combining this information would have made the existing designations superfluous and would have caused significant harm to producers with Protected Designations of Origin.
in writing. - Russia has to make up its mind: does it aspire to the EU's common values or not?
In future, the new fund's geographic and thematic priorities will need to be clarified to make it operate more efficiently.
I consider it important for the EU to draw up an action plan regarding Black Sea synergy.
There is always room for improvement and I am always grateful for suggestions.
I welcome the Agency's initiative to set up an Internal Audit Capability that is dedicated to providing support and advice to its Director and management on internal control, risk assessment and internal audit.
Tibetan culture is not the only one threatened by this unreasonable decision - Cantonese and other languages will also fall victim to the policy of standardisation.
They have desisted from tabling amendments which, although acceptable in terms of their content, would have been an obstacle to the adoption of this codifying text.
When we look at the events more closely, however, I have great doubts about whether we are not doing exactly what we in Austria have already experienced in connection with the apparent rescue of the nationalised industry and what already happened in Germany in relation to the Holzmann company before a pivotal election.
Private credit rating agencies have been given new rights to set the standards and promises of delegation of power from the public authorities.
Yes, Ukraine does bear some guilt and so, I appeal to both the Council and the European Commission to tell our friends in Ukraine in no uncertain terms that unless both the opposition and government adopt a united stand on the key issues affecting their development, they will not be able to cope with this pressure which is being exerted on them and us respectively.
I have endorsed the report on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment.
Future cooperation with national parliaments is also important here.
By the same token, we believe that data has to be collected to promote better understanding of the problem.
How can I explain this to a Portuguese textile worker, whose support was a mere EUR 524, when her Catalan counterpart can receive EUR 2 000?
The feeling of depression and a lack of interest in school and out-of-school activities may be direct consequences of their parents' absence.
The report thus highlights many good practices capable of helping to enhance the quality of the reporting exercise, increasing ownership by stakeholders within the Member States, and ultimately improving the efficiency of implementation.
(PL) Madam President, I would like to ask whether a small correction could be made to the Amendment I tabled.
I ask you to put this ability to the service of Europe as the President-in-Office of the European Union, so that Europe may become much more dynamic and efficient.
New rules on the transport of people by bus should not adversely affect the freedom of lower-level authorities to organise their public transport themselves.
Member of the Commission. - (EL) Madam President, first of all I should like to thank and congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Klass, the rapporteur, Mrs Breyer, and the parliamentary Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety on their excellent work on the proposals on the framework directive on a sustainable use of pesticides and to revise and improve the regulation.
The changes are too great and too significant.
This is understandable.
You will only bring our citizens with you on this journey if those issues are addressed at the WTO.
So I am not going to respond again to all these questions that have been put because, honestly, I think I already answered them in my first speech.
This is the terrorism prevention policy.
(Applause)
What is the situation like today?
That is why we abstained.
And I am sorry, but after that performance that you gave earlier... I do not want to be rude, but you know, really, you have the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low-grade bank clerk.
In order to achieve these objectives and to ensure that vocational education and training continue to be a key political priority for everyone in the long term, I voted in favour of the proposal in question.
I would further note that there is a major omission in the text: there is no reference whatsoever to promoting research and development in the extraction sector.
Something else which is of key significance in terms of equal opportunities is support for the putting in place of appropriate childcare infrastructure in rural areas, since properly functioning childcare makes it easier for women to return to work more quickly and makes them more competitive in the labour market.
Moreover, this mass killing is not an isolated incident in this country where, in some regions, such as in the Mindanao region, armed uprisings - including those motivated by religion - have been taking place for years.
Now she has lost, let us acknowledge what is really happening and let us keep the Ukrainian authorities under careful observation, but let us not throw out the baby with the bathwater.
I voted in favour because I believe all measures aimed at fostering and increasing the transparency of Parliament's work are to be welcomed.
In specific terms, this means developing new, long-term skills, which match the new requirements of the labour market.
Finally, insofar as it complements the existing national asylum schemes, the European resettlement programme should, as Parliament's position in 2010 already made clear, be based on the various experiences and results within the Member States and be subject to enhanced coordination.
This report is in favour of mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) following redundancies in Germany.
May I also stress, Commissioner and Council representatives, that this is not a political issue, as some people would have us believe.
The majority in Parliament has approved the main thrust of the European Commission's proposal for the so-called Stockholm Programme, which is a powerful attack on such a key element of Member States' sovereignty as justice.
We can only hope that Russia will respect the Charter and will not take any definitive action.
It is always important that we live up to citizens' expectations.
The debate is closed.
We are already using it, especially in the programmes that are oriented towards financing research and innovation.
The international adoption procedure also needs to be simplified, because all too often there is too much red tape, which deters families from trying to adopt.
My fellow Member from Ireland just mentioned how concerned people are in this country.
2007 discharge: European Data Protection Supervisor (
I have actively sought a climate policy for Europe through emissions trading legislation, one that would not only be ambitious, but also rational, so that we would not simply be moving emissions from one place to another.
Membership of Parliament: see Minutes
Some Members, including Mrs Harms, Mr Hökmark and others, have looked at the question of the link between innovation and competitiveness.
My specific question is this: we are talking about the economy, about monetary union with more acute supranational elements.
The European Commission should take greater responsibility and responsibly supervise the implementation of national government crisis management plans, especially in the area of social reforms, and assess the effects of such reforms on the people.
I voted in favour of the report on simplifying the common agricultural policy, and I congratulate Mr Ashworth and the shadow rapporteurs on the excellent work they have carried out.
(SK) Mr President, the European Council negotiations at the end of October took place under difficult circumstances.
Does the Council Presidency have any information that the BRIC countries, as a result of the commitments made in Washington, may be disposed to adopt a more active role and contribute to the successful outcome of the Doha Round?
My third concern is regarding moral hazard: if this money is to be put into a bail-out fund.
In this respect, we must ensure that the conditions exist to allow them to work legally and that they have the chance to fulfil their dreams without being obstructed by pointless red tape.
As one last comment, can I say to the Commissioner that perhaps he should go to America and convince President Obama that Roquefort cheese is extremely good and that perhaps he can reduce the tariff that President Bush put on it before he left office.
We have some hard work ahead of us.
For this reason, it is of paramount importance to encourage Member States to impose criminal sanctions in serious cases, such as when the employer knows that the employee is a victim of human trafficking.
I should like to thank my colleague Mr Millán Mon for his excellent report.
President Barack Obama gave an extraordinary speech about Africa in Africa the other day.
When you understand this, the second key point follows automatically, and that is competition.
I would just like to say that it was a huge privilege for me to be involved in Parliament's team in what I regard as a hugely impressive piece of work on behalf of Europe's citizens.
Not only through its direct consequences, but also by the moral stand that we show our citizens.
Most of us agree that Schengen has been a great success, and that for the people of the new countries, the new Member States of the European Union, this means the significant success of integration.
The increase in funds on grounds that this is required for the Europe 2020 Strategy is something I reject, as for one thing the strategy is unachievable and for another it has inappropriate goals: for example the massive increase in the number of academics, when we actually have a shortage of specialist staff.
I regret, however, that despite the fact that we have reached agreement, the text of the directive still contains certain shortcomings.
Does it believe that, aside from the punitive remedies prescribed under the Stability and Growth Pact, more effective preventive checks are needed, coupled with measures to shore up employment and growth in debt-laden countries, before their economic situation worsens drastically?
(EL) Mr President, I voted in favour of the report on Turkey due to the positive elements for Cyprus in paragraphs 32 and 40, even though I disagree with the content of Amendments 9 and 10.
The European Parliament strongly supports, as it ought, the territorial integrity of the Republic of Moldova and points out that a more robust EU role in finding a solution to the Transnistrian question is needed.
Work is ongoing in connection with the review but the Commission is not in a position to indicate what changes to the procedures the UN Security Council will decide.
It is not acceptable - and in this regard I am pleased that, at the last minute, we achieved success here - for every individual Member State to have its own national list of what constitutes a safe third country.
Under the Cotonou Agreement, a treaty between the European Union and the group of African, Caribbean and Pacific States, there have been more than 15 cases since 1995 when the Community has partially or fully suspended the application of agreements in relation to some of the countries for non-execution of obligations relating to the human rights clause.
You have failed to integrate your own government.
I would like to say that trafficking in human beings is one of the most profitable forms of international organised crime and, according to various reports and sources, its worldwide scale is estimated to be between 700 000 and 2 million persons, some say more, of whom 300 to 500 000 individuals are victims of trafficking in the European Union alone.
Sophisticated and aggressive marketing techniques have over the years prevented consumers from making informed choices with regard to goods and services.
Hundreds of democratically elected politicians and activists of the DTP have been imprisoned, including three party leaders.
We need to take care of our water bodies, the air and the soil.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is, from a budgetary perspective, a special instrument which does not have its own resources.
They are interested in solutions and in whether their money is still safe.
We consider it important to move towards the adoption of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers, the majority of whom are women, and an increasing percentage of them illegal immigrants.
I know that many in this Parliament share our determination to use this springboard to seize the opportunities of the Lisbon Treaty for a step change in European action on freedom, security and justice.
It is the same trade union that, after announcing a general strike, saw one of its leaders, Domingo Aguilar Vázquez, captured the next day on 16 March, and arrested on phony charges.
We are in favour of this report because we cannot conceive of not safeguarding European entrepreneurs who choose to continue to produce in the EU, thereby guaranteeing jobs and wellbeing.
(PL) Madam President, to this list of highly dramatic stories about North Korea we have to add one more item.
This was not the time for us to give our support to this report.
What Senator John Kerry said the day before yesterday and Barack Obama said this evening with regard to Egypt should also have come from you. Emancipate yourself in the interests of the Union so that the EU itself, and no one else, will formulate its policies for the future in its own neighbourhood.
Investing in Low-Carbon Technologies (vote)
Some of us have come under more than a little pressure in our home countries regarding this.
This is not only beneficial to industry in the countries involved, but also constitutes an opportunity to standardise and strengthen social and environmental standards.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Swedish and Spanish Presidencies have made Turkey's membership of the European Union a priority topic, as though it were now a foregone conclusion.
I also support the four main priorities: better functioning labour markets, better quality jobs, more efficient job creation policies and better working conditions, even if we see that it will not be easy to achieve them.
That amendment is quite simply a violation of the Treaties!
I think Article 3 of the joint motion for a resolution, which expresses the will to increase aid to fishermen, is crucially important.
And, to the Member States, I remind you that when it comes to the next financial perspective, do not be tempted to cut the EIDHR.
Are there cases of this kind?
I hope it will be up to the challenge.
I had hoped we would go much further in implementing a procedure of economic arbitration with regard to European regulators, but of course, we could not achieve everything at once.
This becomes clear in the context of this subject and in the light of the exhibition outside Parliament.
For this purpose, they can make use of the Community instruments available to them, especially the European Social Fund and the European Fund for Adjustment to Globalisation.
I congratulate them on their mobilisation, their courage and their determination in the face of such a disaster.
However, like the rapporteur, I cannot accept that a correct idea of respect for linguistic diversity and for individual and family freedom can or must be used as a weapon in an argument for extremist nationalism.
I clearly recall that, when we spoke with them before, the Americans flatly refused to make any kind of target-related commitment in the fight against climate change.
Mr President, as you are well aware, British Conservatives normally take the view that we abstain on questions to do with the euro or with Schengen because we are outside both, and therefore arguably it is none of our business.
This is about knowledge transfer, about dialogue and information exchange during education and lifelong learning, it is about cooperation in basic research and about fostering a more practical approach alongside the theoretical one in education through insight into business value creation and manufacturing.
For instance Prime Exchange, a workshop for authors and producers from India and Europe, to understand better the financing and the marketing elements of films.
We have to pursue our efforts in the transposition of the Lisbon Treaty via the adoption of the Multiannual Financial Framework and the new interinstitutional agreement as otherwise, with stalemate and delay in these areas, we are in uncharted territory, not on solid ground when it relates to the legal conditions of our attempts for the future.
However, despite this undeniable step towards improving the status of European parties, their main sources of funding are still individual membership subscriptions and, to a small extent, donations.
I am not aware that the ability to speak Greek is required of MEPs.
I would like to stress that all the funds allocated to energy efficiency in buildings will feature in jobs and in taxes and charges paid locally, regionally or nationally, bearing in mind the local nature of this work.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (PL) Mr President, harmonising the legislation on biocidal products in the European Union seems all the more necessary given that regulations in specific countries are very varied.
Parliament is determined to do all it can to guarantee adequate financing for all activities and policies which encourage growth and job creation, and which provide solutions for European citizens.
Not in Egypt, not in Tunisia, not in Morocco, not in Israel.
A greater degree of participation was sought by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and we have successfully attained a figure close to 15%, which could be further improved with increased simplification.
The Council, for example, wanted to reduce the maximum weekly working time when using the opt-out from 78 hours to 60 or 65 hours and proposed banning the use of opt-outs when signing an employment contract or limiting the period of consent given by employees to work in an opt-out regime to one year.
Montenegro, in particular, is a small country with a major European tradition.
It is also difficult to see whether the classic model of national presidencies, which set the tone of EU policy, will be retained.
For example, it expressly anticipates the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon - yet another instance of that happening here - when the treaty concerned has by no means been adopted yet.
I will read the text out in English.
Finally, I welcome Mr Pannella, the next speaker, who is the new ALDE spokesman on trade.
Last year, we deplored the results of Copenhagen, or, to be more precise, the lack of results.
Following this sitting we are scheduled to meet with the coordinators of the responsible parliamentary committees, where I will explain how things now stand.
I therefore believe action by the European Union is vital, in the shape of close collaboration between the European Commission, on humanitarian aid and development aspects, and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs, in relation to common security, collaboration with police forces and border control.
We now come to the catch-the-eye procedure.
Mr President, those of us that are friends of Israel may well have questioned many aspects of the way in which Israel intervened in Gaza, but not the right of Israel to defend herself and to take effective action against those that are planning and executing acts of terrorism against her.
The European Parliament must demand an immediate end to the persecution of the political opposition to Zanu-PF, of civil activists who are being arrested and tortured, and of NGOs, which have been raided and whose members have been detained arbitrarily.
The EU and G20 are making simple plans to slash grassroots incomes, to put grassroots property into the hands of big business and increase their profits, to increase the exploitation of the working class and to cut insurance and labour rights.
This resulted in an agreement at first reading, hence allowing this regulation to be adopted before the entry into force of the Visa Code.
The EIB, as the long-term lending bank of the European Union, lends money to the public and private sectors for projects of European interest, using the financial markets and its own funds.
The European ministers have done well not to be carried away by a tide of emotion and instead to concentrate on how to go about coordinating this operation.
It is up to the Member States in which the applications are made to decide on each application in the light of its individual circumstances.
In the second place, in order to allow for technical progress the Commission could, through delegated acts, adopt modifications to technical requirements with regard to identifying animals; and in the third place, they could, through delegated acts, adopt modifications to technical requirements in relation to anti-rabies vaccinations, in order to allow for scientific and technical developments.
This Parliament has expressed its support for this many times.
The reasons behind my decision are that revision of the Staff Regulations goes beyond the remit of the Committee on Budgetary Control and does not belong in the 2009 discharge report, but falls instead within the competence of the Legal Affairs Committee, which will be dealing with these issues in the near future.
Today, the costs of the crisis have been transferred to the citizens of the European Union.
We must also remember that all of this began with a terror attack, and now we have to root out the terror element.
In the multinational firm Qimonda S.A., which operates in the electronics sector in the mid-level region of Norte, there have been 839 redundancies as a result of the global financial and economic crisis.
It is important for every agreement to relax or eliminate restrictions on market access and investment opportunities, to maintain and enhance social and environmental standards, to provide adequate safeguards for data protection and privacy, to include mutual recognition of security standards and ensure a high level of passenger rights.
At the same time, we will sustain our unwavering support to the structural reforms conducted by the Moldovan Government.
I was privileged to be present in East Timor at the birth of the world's first new state of this millennium.
I would like to stress that the new Member States in particular need proper support from the EU in integrating Roma, both from a social perspective and in terms of the labour market.
Well, I must say that is the first time I have ever received such applause and I am tempted, Mr Verhofstadt, to sit down but, if I may, sadly, the story continues.
I do not think that this is something we ought to be proud of.
I also do not know whether we have yet rescued the Community method.
This was an initiative that our group took in connection with Parliament's resolution on the 2006 annual report.
(PL) Mr President, with the development of the modern world, policy on Arctic issues, which has been associated with extreme climate conditions, polar bears and boundless ice fields, is beginning to take on new significance.
We can be proud of the results.
We cannot over-emphasise the actions taken under the banner of the 'Europe 2020' Strategy are crucial to realising the expectations of the European public.
I call on the Commission to guarantee funding for the partnerships, bringing together the resources of the European Union, the Member States, the regions, and other public and private actors for this purpose, following clear and transparent criteria.
in writing. - The EGAF is an important structural fund in the EU that enables us to aid workers that have been rendered unemployed as a result of the shifts in global trends.
Our support to Japan needs to continue.
The Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs recommends that the Council should approve the two countries joining the Schengen area.
It is simply a bridge too far and you will only feed public anger.
(ES) Mr President, many fellow Members have wondered why the Lisbon Agenda failed and whether we should start by analysing that failure in order to take the next steps.
What is at stake is the essential principle of financial stability that is central to the euro; and the euro is one of the most important creations of the European project and the European construction process so far.
Thirty-five per cent of the budget is now hidden in a balance sheet account under the name of 'Prefinancing' and for which the auditors cannot tell the European taxpayers if it has been properly spent.
Belarus has a responsibility to safeguard its citizens' human rights and respect them.
in writing. - (PL) On 19 January 2011, the European Parliament adopted a directive on the application of patients' rights in cross-border healthcare, which is aimed at simplifying the rules governing treatment abroad.
It was estimated at one stage that Dell and its suppliers employed one in every five people throughout the mid-west of Ireland, so this area has been hard hit.
in writing. - I voted for this report, which stresses that the main objective pursued by the EU and the Member States in the EU strategy for the Black Sea region should be to establish an area of peace, democracy, prosperity and stability, founded on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and providing for EU energy security, and considers that good governance, the rule of law, promotion of respect of human rights, migration management, energy, transport, the environment, and economic and social development should constitute priority actions.
It is primarily caused by excessive tax burdens imposed by the state, which encourage entrepreneurs to engage in undeclared business activities, bypassing the fiscal system.
In this regard, I think it would be a good idea for the Commission to ask the Member States to appoint, for each profession, a single competent professional body to be in charge of continuing training - continuing training being one of the solutions.
I would like to come back to the words I read out just now.
(The sitting was opened at 9 a.m.)
I can therefore only repeat what I said to Baroness Ashton and to you, Commissioner, this morning during the briefing of the steering committee for the working group on delegated acts, which was that I think there is an urgent need to quickly reach a solution in relation to delegated acts, whilst preserving the legal and political responsibility of the legislator and the Commission.
Madam President, I believe that the amendment is grotesque.
I voted for this report because I believe that the accession of the European Union to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (ECHR) is a strong message that enhances the credibility of the Union in the eyes of third countries which it regularly calls upon to respect the ECHR.
The European Council also supported the idea of rapid action by the European Social Fund in support of employment, especially for the benefit of the most vulnerable groups in the population, such as supporting flexicurity policies and policies easing job transition periods, and giving Member States the opportunity, where necessary, for reprogramming European Social Fund expenditures in order to strengthen their employment strategies.
Other languages such as Portuguese, the third most widely spoken European language in the world, will be devalued on the way, thus damaging the interests of these other countries and limiting any chance of affirming their languages also in the fields of science and technology.
Special protection is to be afforded to refugees with problems in relation to their gender identity, whatever the rapporteur means by that.
In view of the economic downturn, the strategy is still valid.
We will present our proposal tomorrow and I think that it will accommodate many of the concerns that this Parliament has raised.
There is, of course, a global consensus that a lack of good governance in tax matters encourages tax fraud and tax evasion.
For these reasons, the Commission does not envisage the implementation of 100% scanning in EU ports.
In the context of European traffic, it is only natural that the road transport sector has similar compensation rules to those applied to air transport, which were standardised a long time ago.
Science, education and innovation are pillars of economic growth and job creation.
On religious slaughter, I think the Commissioner is absolutely right.
For agriculture, in particular, the Commission proposal will bring about a flood of new bureaucracy.
At a time when we are debating the protection of privacy and of individuals, and when these debates are having new repercussions, the Members of this House have a wonderful opportunity to affirm some strong principles.
I agree with the rapporteur's warning that the 'projects for money' approach should be replaced by a 'money for projects' approach.
I was struck all the more because, within the European Council, we have to have unanimity, and we try to have unanimity between all your colleagues, from all your parties, Prime Ministers and Heads of State.
It is well known that repressive laws restricting citizens in the exercise of their civil and political rights have always been in force in those countries.
This includes a procedure in which both sides are heard, the reasons for listing are given in advance and the person or entity in question can make its views known.
It is out of the question that the European Union should not commit itself to this issue, at least on the same terms as it did with the banking sector.
Not many of you touched upon the very important element of the conclusion of the European semester.
The initial proposal from the Commission has been significantly watered down.
By maintaining, enhancing and promoting Europe's internal market, this will ensure greater movement of goods and services without barriers to trade between Member States.
I voted against the Agreement between the European Union and the government of the Faroes on Scientific and Technological Cooperation, not because I am against scientific cooperation between the Union and the Faroe Islands, but because I believe that pressure should start to be put on the Faroe Islands so that the repeated slaughter of pilot whales - almost 1 000 of them are killed each year - stops once and for all.
In many Member States, consumption-related emissions are higher than levels of production-related emissions.
Ultimately, a strategy-based approach should be developed in the CFSP.
The competences of the Galileo joint venture, which came to an end on 31 December 2006, were transferred to it from 1 January 2007.
The position adopted by Parliament today is the first victory in the battle over the shape of the new financial perspective for the period 2014-2020.
It is only unfortunate that we are doing it on a Thursday afternoon when it is not quite as well attended as perhaps it should be.
The bail-out ban and the Stability and Growth Pact destroy the solidarity between the States in the monetary union.
The Commission had this aim in mind when it introduced the European initiative to support employment within the framework of the European Economic Recovery Plan.
For us, it is also cultural and civilisation issues that are at stake.
In that context, it holds a key role regarding the fight against climate change, the transition of the EU to an efficient, sustainable and competitive economy, and the strengthening of Europe's energy security.
That would certainly also be a step towards confronting globalised crime on a global scale.
I would add that, where a person is held in detention, this is what is provided for by the European Convention on Human Rights.
1.
We can see a democratic majority and a blocking minority.
However, there are imperfections in the functioning of the system: there is a possibility that its reputation and effectiveness may be undermined by news of its use for interrogations instead of charges and prosecutions in cases of petty crime.
Morality is part of the worldview incorporated into the legal system of a country.
In particular, it makes sense to classify these straits and approach routes to them in accordance with the procedure relating to 'Seveso zones', because transport must come down to a drive to reduce costs whatever the consequences.
It was essential to revise the directive.
Tunisia has been an example, in some ways, of a modern, secular and progressive Arab country.
I was reading about President Klaus's solutions last week in the Financial Times, and I do not agree with them at all.
Membership of Parliament: see Minutes
That said, it is true that new initiatives will be necessary given the scale of the illegal migratory flows.
Indeed, the latest figures show that we are on target to reach only 9% of the projected 20% by 2020.
Member States do not have the funds to do this, and if they were to borrow with Eurobonds, future generations would be saddled with the burden of debt and the euro would become weak.
This assumes strong cooperation in the areas of economy, culture and politics, without favouring some countries at the cost of others.
in writing. - I voted in favour of the Giegold report because there is a need for continued detailed debate on the various issues that arise in this report.
Let us look at how we can improve the current system within the means that we have.
This is the joint debate on the Schengen Agreement.
Following the same logic, we are also applying a 'whole-of-island' approach, whether it relates to the issue of Haitian refugees or to the logistics of the delivery of aid, or pre-positioning of relief stocks for the hurricane season.
Labour, social and environmental standards are often important for protecting people and the environment in this sector.
I am taking them very seriously, and they will be high on my list of priorities throughout the accession negotiations.
However, I believe that the Commission's Renewed Social Agenda is very unambitious, has come too late and is not really up to the challenges posed by the financial and economic crisis.
This includes divergences in their competitiveness, as this is one crucial element that causes other types of imbalances.
We will be able to achieve a great deal if we can improve the way in which existing regulations are applied.
However, it is precisely this point, extending the scope of the directive to include business dealings between companies, which was opposed by the majority of the Member States during the legislative process at the time.
Some of the problems caused by the market are diagnosed, and greater emphasis is given to environmental and social issues.
(PL) Mr President, incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into EU law does not extend the scope of the EU's competences and complies with the principle of subsidiarity, since the Charter is an integral part of EU policy.
I would like the Commission, the Council and the left-hand side of this Chamber to demand rights and liberties for the citizens of Cuba with equal resoluteness.
In addition, particular importance must be attached to monitoring and analysing sets of areas with direct budgetary implications, and every way of distributing and saving resources must be identified.
Now a new horror threatens, with reports that the Rajapaksa Government plans to settle Sinhala people in the east and north of Sri Lanka - in other words, to colonise the areas where Tamil-speaking people are in the majority.
However, with regard to this proposal it is not that clear what the best option will be.
I therefore agree with an assessment of the sustainability of public finances, including the debt level, debt profile - including maturity - and debt dynamics.
At the time, EUR 4 billion was freed up at European level, and these funds were earmarked specifically for economic recovery.
I believe that what the Commissioners explained to us, the ten points that Commissioner Oettinger set out, is a very important and interesting approximation of the problem, and that it is along the right lines.
I agree with the amendments to the proposal initially tabled by the Commission, which were supported by a broad majority in the European Parliament.
I am referring, in particular, to Amendment 9, which argues for convergence in the fiscal sphere.
We do not understand how this mission can contribute to state-building.
The euro is a strong currency and there have to be prerequisites for that.
1.
Mr President, firstly, let us be clear that this Parliament will today support the UN Security Council Resolution 1860.
I know that both men take their responsibility seriously and are very capable of discharging their duties.
However, there has been a fall-off in the production of molluscs/shellfish.
Whether or not measures should be taken against the government, these measures must not penalise the people, NGOs or civil society.
If we can speak in favour of somebody who may be in gaol for years, one minute longer is not too much, Mr President!
These two criteria would be a minimum condition for reaching an agreement.
Let them know that Parliament is responsible for over half of the decisions concerning our countries.
It will also give Member States more opportunities to make their respective national road pricing systems more efficient, which means a better instrument for transport demand management.
Mr President, I supported the resolution by the European Parliament concerning the situation in Ukraine.
The death penalty does not only not act as a deterrent and reduce the level of crime, but it also raises the very real issue of possible miscarriages of justice, which would send innocent people to their death.
What I support is country of origin labelling.
Please take a look at the Women's Institute campaign, which I have sent you details of.
This situation constitutes justification and grounds for mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund (EUSF), the objective of which is solely to repair infrastructure.
For instance, Serbia and Montenegro have been included in the July proposal: although they did not meet the benchmarks at the date of the proposal, they are expected to do so in the future.
In addition, further progress on cooperation and regulatory convergence in this area could do much to promote fair competition, particularly with regard to State subsidies and social and environmental standards.
In light of the latest reports of successful experiments and even treatments using stem cells from cord blood, how can the Commission defend the morally unacceptable production of human embryos for research purposes?
Instead, the only reasonable option would be to establish the European Parliament and its work in a single location.
I would like to thank everyone who contributed to it.
How does the selective authorisation of a few aircraft belonging to certain airlines work, where we only allow them to use certain aircraft to come to Europe?
Mr Mirow himself has already alluded to the joint International Finance Corporation-European Bank for Reconstruction and Development action plan regarding aid for the banking sector in Central and Eastern Europe.
in writing. - (NL) I voted against this report due to the improper use that could be made of its provisions by certain minorities in Flanders.
Throughout that time, groups like the Women's Centre have been a cohesive force, enhancing community capacity and forging links with other women's groups in other communities.
It is true that the European Neighbourhood Policy and Eastern Dimension were decisive steps in efforts to deepen relations with our neighbours to the East.
Mr Kenyatta once said: 'When the missionaries arrived, the Africans had the land and the missionaries had the Bible.
No information and no members of parliament are allowed in.
One of the priorities identified by the Council in this matter is to prepare the creation of a European observatory on violence against women, based on existing structures.
I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
A different country now holds the rotating Presidency.
Indeed, we have recently been trying to give concrete expression to this strategy through prevention, unlike the early years of its application, when we put much more emphasis on detection.
Reducing agriculture's dependency on fossil energy sources, using organic products, maintaining fertile soils and adapting the common agricultural policy to the food crisis situation are some of the key elements which need to be taken into consideration in order to break this deadlock.
The Council has stated previously in its conclusions of June 2009 that it agrees with the Commission.
These will in turn bring improvements to the banana market and to our European producers, which are impossible without a sound basis such as that provided by finalising these disputes within the WTO, to which the European Union belongs.
We convince, we negotiate, we argue, we try to drag our partners with us and we try to get them on board.
I support this measure - in fact, I voted in favour of it - because the manufacturing scenario in which the pharmaceutical industry operates unfolds at a frantic pace and it is therefore essential to update the list, which currently includes more than 8 000 products, on a constant basis.
This places a burden on the structures in the entry country and works against the rights of applicants being dealt with en masse under the briefest of procedures.
These not only represent the foundation of society but also the key to its future.
These measures need to be focused on setting a European standard that guarantees the solvency of all systems by making them subject to supervision criteria in order to limit the deficit in public finances across the Member States, and by extending the guarantees that are going to be demanded of insurance companies from 2013 to the mutual societies that manage these systems in some Member States.
Lastly, I would remind you of the importance of respecting the principle of reciprocity and proportionality.
8.
I believe that the answer is obvious.
It is important that we now acknowledge this fact once again.
Are we to take this to mean that, for example, Warner Brothers would work together with ISPs almost like deputy sheriffs?
Compulsory social security contributions will also be included from the start of this year.
Let us not use the common agricultural policy to promote agro-industry; let us promote our farmers instead.
Irrespective of how the vote goes tomorrow, it is important that we conduct the negotiations quickly.
Do not use it as a reason to disturb your neighbours or open up old wounds.
A policy which is characterised by participation, which is socially and environmentally responsible and which benefits the people is indispensable.
What we are, in fact, doing on human rights with the Chinese is a game.
In this environment, I consider that the European Union risks not achieving the noble objectives that we all endorse if it follows a monolithic, one-dimensional policy.
Generally accepted scientific knowledge shows that not only DHA in breast milk, but also synthetic DHA added to dairy foods for infants and other foods intended for infants, helps the development of infants' eyes.
We agreed on guarantees and rules of the road for supporting the banks.
However, we should once again be extremely vigilant when identifying goods which are defined as 'green'.
Their numbers are so high that they are shaking the foundations of the pension system itself.
These are a few initiatives that could at last enable us to reach the goal of financing research and development set at 3% of GDP by 2020, which is far from being achieved, in particular for France, which still only devotes 2% of its GDP to R&D.
It amounts to a weakening of the bold proposals of the Commission.
Every day, 12 of them die.
It sends a good message to European citizens to have a budget without any deficits or debt and to show that we are not to be taken as a scapegoat for the failed policies in some Member States.
The Czech media are nonetheless seething with doubts.
The best way is to stimulate the creation of new jobs.
I do have a fair bit of experience and I have had a longer life in politics than most of you.
There is a humanitarian dimension in the Philippines case, but there is also a clearly political dimension, and they are both fundamental if we want to make progress in the frustrated peace talks.
The subject of human error is fully covered.
in writing. - (DE) Whereas the immigration world champion Canada attracts more highly qualified migrants than any other region of the world - in which regard, those who are not able to make a living are also quick to leave again - Europe almost pursues a policy of 'compassionate migration for the unqualified'.
That is why, at the last meeting of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on 1 December, we decided unanimously to invite the Commission to the House to report to us on the status of the crisis faced by our agriculture and the trends that the various productive sectors are going through.
I am particularly sympathetic to the situation in the Azores, where the dairy sector is very important and has had serious difficulties.
That is the foundation of the negotiation process.
It is not for the European Union to say who must or who must not govern these countries.
Yet, and this is the unrealistic part, the report is silent on the true causes of poverty: the pressure on wages brought about by the external competition of low cost countries where social dumping is practised, and by the internal competition of non-European immigration; and the explosion of unemployment, relocations and business closures caused by unfettered globalisation.
Georgia has practically eliminated the cancer of corruption in state institutions and the civil service by means of a series of public sector reforms (concerning the public prosecutor's office, the judiciary and the police) and political reforms.
I would like to stress that the climate change issue requires a cross-cutting approach at all levels of public policy making, and that investment in 'green' technologies is also a requirement of the current economic crisis, in that it will help create more jobs.
The presentation is closed.
This, taken together with a 34% drop in remittances in the first half of 2009, gives rise to concern that poverty levels may be rising, and that a precarious socio-economic situation could provoke social unrest.
It was voted through with 32 votes in favour and 10 against.
No additional costs must be involved for small and medium-sized businesses.
It is an EU that values democracy in its participatory aspects, not reducing it to the formal representational sphere.
Madam President, this is a very simple amendment, just to change 'the disabled' to either 'people with disabilities' or 'disabled people'.
We must never fall into the trap of believing that people in other parts of the world - whether it is Africa, Asia or Latin America - should be any less passionate about their rights.
In fact, it hands international and domestic road transport over to the large monopolies on a plate.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Ashworth, for an excellent report in this rather complicated and challenging area.
An honest transatlantic dialogue about, for example, the necessary approach to tackling terrorism is an absolute must, precisely because the allies have different perspectives about the way in which they must respond when faced with this common challenge.
In the aftermath of the economic downturn, as Mr Callanan mentioned, these discussions were indeed difficult.
Before the start of accession negotiations, Turkey had made huge steps towards reform and the EU recognised this accordingly.
I welcome the fact that schools must strive to improve young people's employability, but at the same time, offer them the chance to develop their personal skills.
At the same time, this makes it more important that we have timely and impartial statistical data.
Therefore, I sincerely hope that the Council will be able to guarantee the unanimous support required by the Treaties and that each Member State will contribute to enabling the European Union to take an enormous step towards fulfilling our fundamental values and objectives.
We cannot discount the possibility that there is a breach of international law in relation to criminal proceedings.
Moreover, as we are aware, in October, the task force will be ready with its recommendations on the issue of strengthening budgetary discipline, the Stability and Growth Pact and economic governance.
The OSCE/ODIHR/Council of Europe noted that there was a 'failure to prevent violent acts' in the run-up to the elections, and that the elections did not live up to a number of key international standards.
Europe is confronting large-scale unemployment.
We are under the media spotlight, we are watched by journalists, our work is already transparent.
We know that many Member States have put in place integration policies of the Roma communities with particular focus on housing.
There is also a need for common operational procedures, as well as clear rules for participation in joint maritime operations - mainly search and rescue - and the disembarkation of rescued individuals.
Therefore, I would appeal to the two large groups to withdraw the compromise by which they seek to weaken the rights of homosexual couples.
3.
But I am pleased to acknowledge on the record today that only recently the Council, Parliament and the Commission have agreed on a declaration on the way forward, which states that, independently of the adoption of the Ecolabel Regulation, the Commission confirms it intends to propose a regulation on ecolabelling of fishery products before the end of the year.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I would like to welcome you on your first working day and assure you that you have the full cooperation of our group.
This report is based, once again, on the dangerous recommendations of the Commission that appear in the latter's Green Paper of 11 January 2005 devoted to economic migration.
With its stubborn adherence to the planned economy, Cuba is no longer even capable of meeting the most basic needs of its own population.
Nearly five million people have been killed there since 1999, and it is estimated that 45 000 - the size of a small English town - 45 000 people get killed there every month.
We urgently need to give priority to the creation of jobs with rights, to the defence of Community-based production, to the improvement of public services and to a fair distribution of income in order to reduce poverty.
It must be standardised and we need a global definition of it.
In conclusion, this regulation is an important element within the new European tourism strategy that all the European institutions are examining.
The presence of immigrants with different cultural customs and traditions is a source of tension in many Member States.
What should we say then about the acts of genocide against the Bulgarians which went on for 500 years, such as the massacres in Stara Zagora, Batak and Perushtitsa, described by the International European Commission in 1876?
Particular attention must be given to North-South networks.
The Agency must also provide regular information on its financial circuits and the responsibilities of the relevant financial and operational actors.
In my opinion therefore, all the measures we take should start with this, although we should not give up the other ideas.
I would like to inform the Chamber that during the vote, at the express request of the association of parliamentary journalists, for each set of results we must also expressly indicate the number of votes for and against and the number of abstentions.
The Committee on Fisheries and Parliament's legal service expressed serious doubts as to the Commission's choice of Article 203 of the TFEU as the legal basis, suggesting instead as its correct legal basis Articles 43(2) and 204 of the TFEU and the Sole Article of the Protocol (No 34) on Special Arrangements for Greenland.
I agree with the proposals made in the report that it is necessary to swiftly conclude a free trade agreement with this region that is important for the EU.
According to recent estimates, the political turmoil in North Africa could lead some 300 000 refugees to end up on the southern shores of the Union.
Of course we do.
Composition of Parliament : see Minutes
Resources are another of the important items.
I remain very concerned about the treatment of Mr Karoubi and Mr Mousavi and I issued a statement on 4 March to that effect.
3.
It is not good enough.
However, we must work to change the policy in our country rather than shirking our responsibilities.
The state does not have to contribute to their maintenance.
I think in the report, we are clear that Member States are themselves responsible for making sure that there is adequate pension provision for their citizens.
In recent years, we have seen non-humanitarian bodies increasingly involved in the response to humanitarian crises.
If we were to cut production now, farmers would obviously give up cow rearing, but it would be very difficult to replenish the livestock when we realise that what some people now imagine would be a good measure is, in reality, a big mistake.
This would also be the first intercontinental association agreement between North and South which would offer an alternative to other less equitable attempts at integration, such as the Free Trade Area of the Americas.
I am thinking, for example, of the European policy towards Cuba, where we have seen that Fidel Castro has been considered a partner with whom we can do business.
I am surprised by the proposals which have been made in this Chamber, according to which the way to repair the present, very difficult, situation is to repeat our mistakes.
Therefore, using this opportunity, I would ask all my colleagues and fellow Members to sign Written Declaration 0056/2009, which was initiated by representatives of three political groups, on social conditionality for European Union help.
(EL) Commissioner, you referred earlier to the emphasis placed on the concept of solidarity and on fair burden-sharing.
Mr Farage, you have made your point and I am sure that Commissioner Šefčovič has heard.
Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. - Madam President, Honourable Members, I am pleased to be back at the European Parliament and I am looking forward very much to this debate on relations with Latin America.
The resolution adopted today is a first step towards ensuring that Europe's workers are put in a position to adapt to the requirements of the economy.
However, the posing of the question during this evening's debate may confuse European Union citizens in Western Europe.
Obviously, the President of the Commission could not represent a single party.
Member of the Commission. - I would like to agree with Mrs Grässle that there is, indeed, a strong possibility of pollution because of the energy transfer in the Mediterranean.
The issue of the external representation of the euro area, while related to the general reform of the International Monetary Fund, is not directly linked to the selection of the Managing Director of the IMF.
It is also positive that the Commission is obliged to produce reports on the functioning of the Regulation, together with a comprehensive impact assessment.
Thus you will see that, in 2009, the volume of our loans grew more in the new Member States than in the old ones.
It was a very special moment, last month, when all the political groups stepped up to the plate to achieve a political agreement, beyond the 2011 budget, on the future financing of the EU.
Conversion to Christianity is forbidden or even punishable by death.
The conclusion of bilateral agreements in the fisheries sector between the European Union and countries outside it, termed 'Fisheries Partnership Agreements', is standard practice under the common fisheries policy.
Successive sanctions could come into play at an early stage in the budgetary surveillance process and account would be taken of the deficit criterion and public debt.
They generate more than EUR 337 billion in production annually at EU level.
Clear ground rules are a precondition for the ability of a market economy to function properly and the trade in services is an important element in the development of countries' economies.
I am pleased that the Commission's proposal being debated is using a different evaluation of Copenhagen economics.
The attack on September 11 demonstrated that terrorists are prepared to use any means whatsoever.
It is now up to you to finally put these things on the table.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, our political group supports the visa facilitation agreement between the EU and Georgia.
The great economic crisis and budgetary crises in the euro area have forced the Union to fight for survival, rather than for a position as a global economic leader.
There are alternatives to the use of cyanide in mining, but they are not promoted by the mining industry, even though regulations are applied at European Union level to actively promote new emerging technologies which are safe.
6.
Current EU and international financial sector oversight mechanisms were ineffective in trying to stop the crisis or stemming it sufficiently.
These states tend to have a healthier economic, social and pension situation.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
On the comitology issue, our group supports the compromise that has been negotiated.
We are anticipating that the Commission's proposal establishing a new legal framework for intelligent energy networks facilitating two-way communication will have significant positive effects.
Council Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 already allows Brazilian citizens to travel to all Member States of the European Union without a visa.
Ladies and gentlemen, let us all calm down a little.
Now we must imagine how, in two years, the European External Action Service may not sit here if it becomes an institution.
It is important that progress towards the unification of Europe is not brought to a standstill because of bilateral disagreements.
Mr Mubarak's departure is an essential condition, but it is not enough to ensure that Egypt embarks on a path towards democracy and human rights.
It is also most embarrassing that the Commission is not putting forward proposals which we have been discussing for years.
(DE) Mr President, I have heard a lot of criticism of the Deauville decision here, but everyone knows that, at the start of the last meeting of your Task Force, Mr Van Rompuy there were still 20 items outstanding.
I will conclude very shortly, just adding this: we need not only special protection for minors but, above all, also forms of support for persons arriving in Europe who have already previously suffered forms of trafficking along the journeys, ever longer and ever more tragic, that they complete before reaching our coasts and our territories.
- (SK) Madam President, I would like to express my support for the rapporteur in his wholly justified criticism of the Commission's annual report.
Under the original proposal, non-EU workers would get equal treatment with EU nationals as regards pay and dismissal, health and safety at work and the right to join trade unions.
Regarding the overall package, as it has been negotiated, Parliament can be proud of the final text.
The latest developments in the European economy, not least around Greece, have shown that there is a pressing and urgent need to strengthen economic governance in Europe.
The Community is based on the rule of law and all transfers of European personal data to third countries should respect procedural guarantees and defence rights.
Before I give you the floor, Commissioner, let me first extend a welcome on behalf of this House to the members of a delegation from the People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia, who have just taken their seats in the official gallery above.
I hope that the Eastern Partnership Programme will devote ever more attention to the development of the legal framework in our neighbouring countries.
The process was supposed to be completed before 30 September, so the regulatory instruments need to be amended before they expire.
the status of religious organisations and
For this reason, I would call on the Commission to present a legislative proposal on this - as soon as possible - with the dual purpose of simplifying the mobility of companies and ensuring that the matter of participation in relation to the transfer of a company's seat is not left up to the European Court of Justice.
Even under these conditions, the country has been practically split down the middle, and it will be very difficult to build a future with just one of these groups.
This 'governance and partnership' resolution, which I supported, calls for stronger political leadership, an improvement in the implementation of legislation relating to the Single Market, and the introduction of tools for good governance (reducing the transposition deficit, alleviating administrative burdens, partnership with local authorities, stronger involvement of national Parliaments, dialogue with civil society, and so on).
If you and your Commission want to go further with regard to the protection of Europe, you will have our support.
I also succeeded in introducing some provisions referring to the need to strengthen and extend the consultation process involving all stakeholders.
As the rapporteur says, 'the EU is proposing to provide the same financial support to the Solomon Islands under the new agreement as it did under the previous agreement, even though fewer fishing authorisations are to be granted and the allowable catch volume is lower'.
However, this will not be able to limit the rights of people whose unions are not recognised within a State, a point on which a compromise solution needs to be found.
Strong shoulders more so than weak shoulders.
First, the agreement on the exemption of short-stay visas and the granting of market economy status to Bulgaria and Romania.
Mr President, honourable Members, young people - I see that the future of Europe is sitting up there in the gallery - it is a great honour to be present here today at the debate on Parliament's first reading of the budget for 2010.
It is just such people who deserve help: the most needy people, both in developing countries and in the European Union.
I thought that excessive, but nevertheless believe that we have provided improvements throughout the system.
If that is satisfied one day and they do join the European Union, is there not a danger that they will return to type and go back on a lot of the things that we are looking for and which have not been attained yet?
For example, for a Mr Kang Ho-soon, who has reportedly confessed to killing seven women.
That, too, is not always the case in this Chamber.
As there is good progress, we are focusing more and more on Iraqi ownership and long-term sustainability.
We think it is undoubtedly time to do so.
In the autumn of 2006, the police completely disregarded the right to free assembly on Budapest's streets, as well as the right to a fair trial.
This Treaty creates the legal framework for a super state, with the lives of 500 million people being controlled from a central point and the nation states withering away.
It is extremely important to bear in mind that a short delay will be far less damaging to EU-US relations than a second rejection of a draft agreement.
in writing. - (GA) Security of food supply is a major concern today.
We conclude that it has improved over recent years; the most likely errors for the whole budget are decreasing.
I also brought this up in my talks with Prime Minister Azarov.
This does not make the rationale of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund any less intolerable.
Does it think that the immediate launch of a cancer registry for the entire region should be one of the conditions for closing the infringement procedure?
One of the priorities of the Swedish Presidency was, of course, the management of the economic and financial crisis.
As far as the United States was concerned, it worked.
In my view, they deserve special attention.
Mr President, Lord Dartmouth paints the Greens as advocates of high taxes for the sake of high taxes.
It can be solved in only one way, in the same way that similar problems were solved elsewhere, that is on the basis of international law, self-determination of nations and agreements.
The adoption of these new targets and standards will certainly produce tangible results, while also better protecting the health of all European citizens.
In any case, Commissioner, it is not competition that is at stake here.
However we would have liked to see an exemption to regional services as the UK has liberalised markets that have moved beyond public service contracts to open competition.
I have received many reports that far from promoting the application of EU funds, officials in the Latvian Ministry of Economics and the Ministry of Regional Development are impeding this process by demanding illegal payments from ordinary people in Latvia.
In fact, we have provisionally agreed the preamble and six out of ten titles of the Agreement.
We must act resolutely, or else those who persecute Christians will think they have our tacit blessing.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
The opportunities offered by public funding, particularly the Structural Funds, are not fully exploited.
Is it possible to enforce this legislation when there is international transport of animals?
I welcome this.
- (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the economic partnership agreement between the Cariforum and the European Union is inaugurating something bad for the outermost regions (ORs) of the French West Indies and Guyana.
Communication of Council common positions: see Minutes
Without it, Europeans from Bulgaria or Romania will still feel excluded and discriminated against.
This is the situation, and in these circumstances the Council and the governments of the centre and of the right have decided to downgrade the employment summit to a troika meeting.
The government also intends to bring in new water charges for home owners which could be between EUR 500 and EUR 1 000 per year.
We cannot allow this.
It is important for the country to maintain the momentum and to continue the work it has begun.
These agreements are a milestone in our partnership, demonstrating once again the concrete benefits that our closer relationship can bring for the people of Georgia.
We agree in many respects.
It will be through the formulation of what I call a real 'Union interest', free from Member State interference, that a foreign policy of the Union can be developed.
As you said, Commissioner, a lot has changed since then.
Is it not time for Europe to move forward with new European sources of financing, and to implement effective growth and cohesion measures based on another approach to the energy problem and to the problem of sustainable growth?
The two changes the rapporteur has introduced to the report involve minor modifications in the recitals and some technical corrections to the maps.
In particular, I strongly welcome the reiterated request for the incorporation of the basis for calculating fines, which we have already discussed.
I went to Mellunmäki in Helsinki to talk about eurobonds, and when I said what they were the women clutched their handbags tightly and the men wondered whether they still had their wallets on them.
It takes too long for clear guidelines to be issued.
In addition, maritime surveillance capability is to be established which, among other things, will limit 'illegal' immigration.
Do we have the courage to ensure that we do, and will we manage to make adequate financial resources available?
Farmers will be paid per hectare for water conservation, reforestation and so forth.
Lades and gentlemen, as you are aware, nearly 56 000 patients are currently on the waiting lists.
I would ask for the services of a technician please.
I voted in favour because the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control showed that all the transactions made by the Agency were perfectly legal and regular.
He announced that he would recognise any decision made on the basis of the referendum, even if that meant the secession of Southern Sudan, and everything points to the fact that those living in the region have made their wishes extremely clear.
I voted in favour of the motion for a European Parliament resolution on migrant children left behind in the country of origin as I feel that the situation of these children must be significantly improved.
The extent of capital punishment throughout the world is a cause for concern and it is difficult to establish the true levels of this phenomenon, particularly in the above countries, where democracy is absent or greatly limited.
I find it highly regrettable that there are still so many things that need to be done and I find it highly regrettable that things are moving as slowly as they are.
This new situation is already having an influence on the current negotiation of the budget procedure and its conciliation next week, because we know that this is the last time that it will be done in the current manner.
- Report: Paolo Costa
I therefore think it is a step backwards, as is automatic alignment without any time limits from the old comitology system to the present system in the agricultural field, which strengthens the role of Parliament.
That certainly is hard work and hopefully it will pay off.
I hope that it will be different this time, not only because the compromises achieved on fundamental freedoms and respect for privacy are good, but also because this dossier has tremendous potential both for consumers and for the telecommunications sectors and their employees.
Venezuela: the case of Manuel Rosales
The conference will also deal with matters relating to changes in the FAO's charter and the reforms to the Committee on World Food Security.
I want to assure you that we take the consultation very seriously.
It is possible to reconcile these two.
This is because only then can these people actually be made responsible, only then can it be guaranteed that the existing ground rules, too, will ultimately be stuck to.
I do indeed note great commitment in regions, towns and cities to continue working on this.
the report by Mr Giegold, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the 2009 Annual Statement on the Euro Area and Public Finances -.
Development in this area would have ceased.
The second step is that we must now achieve stronger integration of financial market supervision.
I will give you a conclusion now: leave the negotiations on the EU budget for other years and to the specialists, who are those who have taken the floor today.
However, it is currently the European customs barriers, particularly in the agricultural sector, that are a major obstacle to development.
Documents received: see Minutes
In my view, food safety should not fall by the wayside because of budgetary constraints.
There are still disparities between the economic positions in the Union.
Nonetheless, the fund can operate in this way.
One portfolio will be devoted to justice and fundamental rights, and the other to home affairs.
In fact, one of the difficulties noted is the complexity and burden of administrative procedures, as a result of which researchers seeking European financing are diverted towards national financing and Europe is made unpopular with regard to research.
I particularly welcome, therefore, the passage in the report that emphasises the importance of integrating the adaptation dimension into all EU policies, whether in relation to agriculture or fisheries, or linked to forest management, with a horizontal and cross-sector approach that can guarantee the consistency of the measures that will be implemented from time to time.
You even covered the ILO recommendation.
Let us work for a more autonomous, EU-centred foreign and security strategy, because that is what European citizens expect from us and that is what we should deliver to them.
Consequently, I wonder what message we are going to send out to other states that genuinely respect human rights.
We wasted a lot of time and missed out on numerous opportunities during the years of growth.
It is therefore essential to ask the DRC Government to regain stability and security in the country and thence to launch the peace process.
I would like to reiterate the importance of the internal market and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) for the revival and dynamisation of the economy, to which end measures are being deployed to promote their consolidation and sustained development.
I would like to stress that it is impossible to curb rising poverty in a year.
We must say 'no' to recourse to private security contractors, a move which, according to the IMO, carries with it the risk of unnecessary violence.
Today, we know that efforts are still to be made to put in place all the new legal instruments stemming from the entry into force of the treaty.
Compared to the BRIC countries, the EU invests more, with the differential having decreased for Brazil and China, and increased for India and Russia.
(DE) Mr President, I was born into the European Union in 1975 and it has shaped my political life ever since.
Of course, that will be limited to the resources that the Council and Parliament make available to this policy.
Secondly, this issue also makes it clear that we must develop a common energy policy as a Union.
At the same time, we realise the importance of being able to investigate crimes of terrorism effectively in the future, but not at any cost to democracy.
Let us consider the fact that Sudan is trying to influence the forthcoming referendum in Abyei by insisting that those herdsmen who spend part of their time there and part away from there are included in the count.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the Commission congratulates Mr Lagendijk and welcomes his resolution: it provides for the further involvement of Kosovo in the ongoing process of bringing the region closer to Europe.
The EU should take full advantage of the Lisbon Treaty in showing active solidarity - through concrete acts - with the fate of a nation whose existence is under threat and whose natural right to autonomy and safeguarding its culture is being harshly repressed.
As I said, we need sufficient time for a procedure with two readings and it would be unacceptable if we, as the European Parliament, were to have to take dubious decisions under pressure.
And, most importantly, the crisis is no excuse for protectionism.
We are here in Parliament with very good ideas and, at the same time, the governments are tearing the euro to shreds and making recovery impossible.
Political perversion means nothing but lies and cynical deception of voters.
In my former portfolio, I had the privilege to review State aid rules.
Mr President, Greece is on the verge of fiscal collapse.
The EU's efforts should focus on strengthening the rule of law, on good governance, on combating corruption, and on respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, so as to ensure the creation of the proper conditions for a stable democracy to emerge.
I believe that it is in our interest as Europeans, European citizens, that the Member States act together in external matters.
They only want to listen to those people who vote 'no'.
For example, the Czech Republic spontaneously offered its assistance.
I believe that the two most important initiatives in the supranational jobs market are the qualifications framework drawn up within the context of the Copenhagen process and the unified European credit transfer system for vocational education and training.
The European Social Fund's role could, however, be strengthened further.
I can tell you that they are coming from different parts of the European Union.
It is about attracting investors in the field of energy.
Nonsense about Europe may pour from his lips but at least they can help ensure that he does not choke on it.
The position of religious communities seems to be becoming more and more difficult in Vietnam.
For example, we must ensure that, if we provide information on Members' activities, say, that such information is comprehensive.
I would like to thank and congratulate Mr Alvaro, and also the previous rapporteur, Mrs Hennis-Plasschaert, and all the fellow Members who have put so much work into this agreement.
This aspect is, in my opinion, at odds with the situation of Serbia, a country that has only been granted the status of potential candidate and to which the Union should be more open than it has been until now.
I was perhaps a bit of a cynic about whether these sorts of meetings could achieve anything but, whilst there have been many voices in the press complaining about a lack of detail, particularly - as Jo Leinen suggests - about lack of detail in the area of financing for the Green Fund and many other issues that have been left unspecified at this stage, I take the optimistic view that this gathering was not the time or the place for dealing with minute detail, but was the time to flesh out the global aspirations and talk a bit about strategy, and I think that has been achieved.
I did briefly touch on this in my reply to Mr Papanikolaou's question, but these elements should, of course, be kept in mind in this context as well.
We accept that.
Following the recent crisis in food prices, food security should be an EU priority.
Those affected will now be included in the decision-making process.
Good presentation of information about the health benefits of the products being promoted, and about the way the foods are produced, is essential.
This project, which I fully support, has not only received significant public funding but private industry throughout the EU is also investing money, time and expertise into developing this system.
These minerals are being exploited by companies from Russia, Ukraine, France, Britain, Australia and Canada.
In this regard, I would ask the President-in-Office of the Council to make it clear to the Austrian Head of Government that we need to assume a common European responsibility.
However, there is another consideration.
Mr President, I represent a party that is opposed to the whole EU project and to our country's membership of the EU.
It is a major political act, a political act which is vital to give our continent and others a stable future....
Your report gives important pointers for the future.
(RO) Mr President, I would like to ask Mr Murphy whether he can also very quickly describe how political prisoners are tortured in Cuba.
Over 70 000 people have died in the conflict.
We lack the courage to bring about more democracy and transparency and to conduct less political activity behind closed doors.
These NGOs offer vital support for victims of sexual and domestic violence, yet have to cope with a very difficult funding environment.
The Presidency further reported that the specific issue of the 'design' or 'manufacture of goods' should also be covered by the proposal.
I am thinking, in particular, of small and medium-sized enterprises which do not currently have the resources that large enterprises have for identifying and winning contracts abroad if they are not published.
(PL) Mr President, adoption can, and often does, work for the good of the child, but the procedures related to adoption can also give rise to abuses, such as the trafficking of children and taking children for adoption from families which have not abandoned their children at all, but which often, because of poverty, are not able to give their children the right environment.
In addition, I think that we need for the future programming period a common set of regulations for using European funds, which are applicable to all Member States, thereby eliminating the opportunity for the latter to introduce additional conditions which actually restrict access to funding.
the application of the general principle of protecting the health of consumers and the environment, even in the case of labelled products
(DE) Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Simpson, and, at the same time, express my regret that he cannot be with us here today.
We urgently and strongly request that the impact assessment which we have repeatedly discussed in this Parliament be duly and promptly carried out to allow us to make an informed decision on the matter.
The fact is these rules were dismantled by the Commission last year.
I am also pleased that the Dalai reaffirmed before this House last December his devotion to the middle-way approach and to dialogue as the only means for achieving a mutually acceptable and lasting solution.
Those were probably facts.
One of the challenges of my role is to bring together what is happening on the ground, to make it more coherent and make it work more effectively.
To those of my friends who seem to be worried about the bureaucratic excesses that the implementation of this structure might entail, I would like to say that the only solution is to oppose it, not to introduce it and then be surprised by its disastrous consequences.
We will be vigilant on the basic principles of our proposal.
It is the only way for the partnership between Russia and the European Union to be developed to the satisfaction of both sides.
The concept incorporates concentration and at the same time connectivity and cooperation, and it is a concept that we would like to elaborate on over the upcoming period.
Would it not be incomprehensible if we, at the same time, refused to accept the authority of the Court of Strasbourg?
For it is precisely the Member States that were most affected by the gas crisis in January that will receive less funding.
It seems to us that some parts of the resolution are too critical of the World Bank.
We call for the European Commission to safeguard the interests of the indigenous peoples when it negotiates trade agreements.
Recovery of cod stocks (
The fragmentation of research systems and markets, the underuse of public procurement to stimulate innovation, the precarious nature of funding and the slow standardisation process are the problems which European Union countries are still faced with. However, we hope that they will be taken seriously if we want the Innovation Union programme to be one of the successes of the Europe 2020 strategy.
As Mr López Aguilar said, terrorism is a terrible form of crime.
These systems should not be made uniform or merged into one.
I would ask everyone to remember that we have been dealing for many months with a very far-reaching political crisis there, and that for at least several months, we have been dealing with a far-reaching economic crisis.
The EU's unilateral action is not sufficient, even though it is at the forefront of the fight against climate change.
To save the eurozone, we have to reform its governance.
I come from a country where we have a very long tradition of the principle of openness and access to documents, while in other Member States it has been the opposite: It is first secret and only the things you decide should not be secret should be made public.
The proposal for a directive on the indication by labelling and standard product information of the consumption of energy and other resources by energy-related products is part, along with the two proposals on the energy performance of buildings and the labelling of tyres with respect to fuel efficiency, of the Energy Efficiency Package tabled by the Commission in November 2008.
We want to be amongst the leaders for change.
This issue is not new.
I believe that the creation of a similar regulatory framework would definitely be justified with regard to the problems of indigenous national minorities.
Preparation for the European Council meeting (24-25 March 2011) (debate)
During my speech, I said that the application of the new rules by all those concerned was a priority for the Commission.
The debate is closed.
Enterprises receive inaccurate business propositions and they are entrapped into unwanted contracts for advertising in business directories.
In any case, the negotiations have now been completed.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
We must move on from short-term policies, designed to prevent our national governments from falling a few points in opinion polls, to medium- and long-term plans, which are also being demanded by our entrepreneurs so that they can invest and recruit.
Europe cannot work on fanaticism, or on dogmatism.
I welcome the fact that reference is made to an ambitious vision for the common agricultural policy (CAP).
Thank you for your attention.
I call on you to do so.
The agreement applies to books from all over the world published in English in countries which are covered by the Convention.
Voting time
What is your vision of the world and of the European Union's place in it?
For the seven other authorised countries, only deboned and matured beef without offal can be exported to the European Union.
In particular, it involves bringing European values to third countries, not just in terms of democratisation and greater respect for fundamental rights, but also of promoting active policies to protect the environment, and the rights of women and children, and of labour standards that respect personal dignity and enable personal development.
However, President Obama has not revoked the right of the CIA to arrest terrorist suspects on foreign soil and to take them to provisional detention centres.
Therefore, the final sentence should be: 'considers that both parties should take a pragmatic approach to the dialogue for the benefit of Kosovo and Serbia'.
They are furious at proposals to limit their freedom and invade their privacy just because some big companies are asking for it.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, the Stockholm Programme is undoubtedly ambitious, but we still need to adopt an action plan that would implement it in the most efficient way.
I hope we can improve the report tomorrow.
This is the proposal by the European Commission, the EU Council and the European Parliament.
Assistance for the ACP countries provided by the EU must be carefully monitored and, where necessary, increased.
This is why, today, I was delighted to endorse the resolution prepared by Mr Papanikolaou.
The current authorities in Iran are, perhaps, denying that great history and culture.
The help provided to victims must be genuine and guaranteed.
Finally, let me refer to this morning's speech by Sergei Kovalev who said, citing Sakharov, that the Western world should offer and demand.
ACTA thus represents a ground-breaking - yet balanced - level of harmonisation and transparency for the rules applicable to such infringements, whilst remaining fully in line with the EU acquis.
Let us call a spade a spade and Islam, in its real and current state, backward and misogynistic.
Fine!
In the draft 2010 budget, the Council has decreased the money, in particular, for budget lines which concern the development of the internal market.
Nevertheless, this register is an important step forward because, in many areas, the lack of transparency surrounding the role of lobbies can present a real democratic problem.
Violent extremism extends beyond the region.
I welcome the aspects of the report which call on the Commission and the Member States to give energy efficiency the attention it deserves and, at the same time, to ensure that the numerous legislative provisions relating to this area which are already in place at an EU and a national level are complied with.
In short, it must be focused on those who are furthest from the labour market.
in writing. - I abstained as I am a member of the Pension Fund.
I am pleased to say that our new government yesterday announced measures to help SMEs which were broadly welcomed by the business community today - measures relating to VAT, PRSI, travel tax and internships.
The Commission reports with satisfaction that many Member States have launched initiatives to support the access of women to leading roles, particularly through cultural events in the private sector, educational programmes for women who are interested in careers at the most senior levels, the development of a charter or mark for companies that support gender equality, the introduction of codes of good practice in companies and events in support of the work-life balance and the fight against gender-based prejudice.
Deepening social integration will help to influence social and political change, and is a vital investment in the future.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Thank you for that follow-up question.
However, it does not say, for instance, that the 'updated Community Customs Code' is far from being fully operational and still has some obvious gaps in it, especially in terms of the complete computerisation of the system, a much-needed measure.
It feeds more than 500 million people, farms and looks after more than 170 million hectares of arable land and pasture, it provides many jobs in areas upstream and downstream, is an important buttress of rural areas and is already the most sustainable agricultural sector in the world.
Although the compromise now made, which can be considered a sound compromise between patients' rights and Member States' concerns, greatly differs from the previous draft report, the opportunities still remain.
The submission of strategic reports may, as a new instrument, be of considerable benefit for increasing responsibility in the fulfilment of policy objectives.
The outcome is no record achievement, but it is an important step towards combating climate change.
The allegations, which come as no surprise to me, pointed essentially to the lack of independence of the EU auditors, which affects the level of transparency in the reporting of irregularities.
Asking for the status quo ante is not a solution either - one should move further.
I would very much like to discuss with you in further detail exactly what we are doing to implement this principle, because here, we have a lot to talk about.
Of course, this is not a European problem, it is a global problem.
So, all of this is very good news for Europe.
Two years ago, legislation on car emissions was approved.
That will depend on resources more than anything.
The junta put a banker forward as its next Prime Minister.
It has thus expressed the will of the Czech people to have the Treaty of Lisbon in place.
However, the basic conditions for competition within the European Union between the North and the South must remain at the same level.
Let us, as Parliament, be confident in our dealings with the Commission.
Turkey has a pivotal role to play as a gateway between West and East and we should be sending positive and welcoming signals.
What is missing from your proposal, perhaps, is what we asked for last time, that is, an international treaty for the protection of the Arctic, which will allow us to ensure its protection once and for all.
Sometimes 'profiling' can be necessary, but such cases must be clearly delineated and protected against abuse.
I agree that there is a need to devote more resources to the development of new vaccines.
We should be careful not to take a one-sided position.
For the first time ever we have witnessed how the European Commission, acting in agreement with Parliament and the Council, has taken action that had long been the subject of debate and which had appeared very difficult.
That is what the scientists are telling us.
It is unacceptable that three weeks after the outbreak of this crisis, we still do not know exactly where the pathogen that caused the crisis originated.
I must emphasise that compliance with international human rights legislation and humanitarian legislation by all parties, in every circumstance, remains a vital condition for establishing a just and lasting peace throughout the world.
According to the Commission's forecasts, the deficit within the EU will exceed 80 per cent of GDP next year.
None of us is in any doubt that the CAP should help ensure food security over the next few decades, providing good and healthy food while maintaining biodiversity and protecting the environment.
I believe we should be more militant.
19.
